# Meeting Minutes 01/06/2026

## Attendees:&#x20;

| Name             | Attendance | Role      | Voting Seat (Y/N) | Election Cycle |
| ---------------- | ---------- | --------- | ----------------- | -------------- |
| Tim Harrison     | Yes        | Chair     | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Lara Bonasorte   | Yes        | Secretary | N                 | N/A            |
| Andy Hung        | Yes        | Member    | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Anuj Chaudhary   | Yes        | Member    | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Hasitha Raymond  | Yes        | Member    | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Laura Mattiucci  | Yes        | Member    | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Maggie Schmidt   | Yes        | Member    | Y                 | October 206    |
| Otavio Lima      | Yes        | Member    | Y                 | October 2026   |
| Reshan Fernando  | No         | Member    | Y                 | October 2026   |
| Wes Parkinson    | No         | Member    | Y                 | October 2026   |
| Yoram Ben Zvi    | Yes        | Member    | Y                 | October 2026   |

Other Guests:&#x20;

* Jashar Seyfi
* Terence McCutcheon

&#x20;

**Recording:** [Growth & Marketing Committee - 2026/01/06 - Recording](https://drive.google.com/file/d/197Z5w3Fqrd2402Jvy-49VjFUUsH7RAIR/view?usp=sharing)

**Transcript:** [Growth & Marketing Committee - 2026/01/06 - Transcript](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1stR8E6WF1wkxH8-chosYkKWJI-LkmBPSb1SmbQ_yMJk/edit?usp=sharing)

**Chat Transcript:** [Growth & Marketing Committee - 2026/01/06 - Chat](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1pqzpHb2zANqb3ZiJPQ356RI56xDJQsM9/view?usp=sharing)

## Intros/COI

Andy: Pacific Meta\
Anuj: Yoroi Wallet & EMURGO India Lead\
Hasitha: Elected Member(GMC), Intersect / Cardano Ecosystem Contributor since 2020\
Laura: Director Marketing and Comms at CF\
Maggie: TBD\
Otavio: TBD\
Reshan: TBD\
Tim: EVP Community & Ecosystem, Input | Output\
Tex: Open Source Program Manager(Intersect), OSC Secretary, Committee Liaison\
Wes: Rare Network\
Yoram: TBD

## Agenda 1.06.25

* &#x20;Open Forum

## Decisions/Actions

**Decisions**

* **External Presentations:** The committee decided to host weekly "get to know you" sessions with marketing agencies to hear their strategies for Cardano growth.
* **Agency Schedule:** Confirmed that Serviceplan will present on January 13th and Scribe/Waxman (represented by Jashar) will present on January 20th.
* **Budget Benchmarking:** The committee reached a general consensus on targeting a marketing and growth budget of approximately 15% of the NCL.
* **Vice Chair Voting Method:** Agreed to use the official Intersect member area website/platform for the Vice Chair election to ensure the process is automated, official, and transparent.

**Actions**

* **Document Cleanup:** Tim will incorporate the sidebar comments into the main 2026 KPI and Strategic Priorities document to prepare it for final sign-off.
* **Coordination Meeting:** Tim, Yoram, and Laura will attempt to meet this Thursday (or Friday) to discuss the integration of enterprise adoption into the strategic document.
* **Agency Outreach:** Lara will reach out to JB (from Scribe) to offer the presentation slot following Jashar's session.
* **Governance Mapping:** Tim and Yoram will work with the Product Committee to create a "charter" (1-2 pages) defining the scope and objectives of the enterprise sub-workstream to avoid overlapping work.
* **Vice Chair Applications:** Lara will post a reminder on Discord for members to "throw their hats in the ring" for the Vice Chair position.
* **Candidacy Period:** Members interested in the Vice Chair role are to submit their names via the internal GMC Discord channel within the next 3 to 5 days.
* **Technical Setup:** Lara will coordinate with Lorenzo to finalize the technical setup of the voting portal once candidates are identified.

| Topic                          | Discussion                                                                                                                                                                                             | Notes                                                                                                                                      |
| ------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Welcome & Recaps               | The committee welcomed members back for the first meeting of 2026. Lara recapped late 2025 discussions regarding KPI/strategic priorities and the potential for outside marketing agencies to present. | Note that the meeting recording started automatically. Several regular viewers were absent, but Jafar was noted as a frequent participant. |
| 2026 KPI & Strategy            | Tim highlighted that the 2026 KPI and strategic priorities document is based on 2025 survey reports. Many members, specifically Yoram, have already provided comments.                                 | Action: Tim to tidy the document and incorporate sidebar comments for a final review before the next meeting.                              |
| Enterprise Adoption            | Yoram and Tim discussed how enterprise adoption fits into the wider KPI objective. Yoram emphasized the need for a coordinated approach and business tooling for local country hubs.                   | Yoram shared a draft document regarding enterprise adoption, noting it is not yet officially adopted by the committee.                     |
| External Agency Presentations  | The committee plans to invite marketing/publishing agencies to share their market strategies. "Serviceplan" is scheduled for January 13th.                                                             | Jashar (from Scribe/Waxman) confirmed his team can present on January 20th to share learnings and recommendations.                         |
| Committee Mandate & Scoping    | Discussions are ongoing regarding the overlap between the Product Committee and the GMC. The Intersect Steering Committee is focused on ensuring no "double work" or "double spending" occurs.         | Tim and Yoram will lead the interface with the Product Committee to clarify deliverables and workstream boundaries.                        |
| Budget Allocation              | Laura suggested a conservative marketing budget of 10-15% of the NCL (Node Communication Layer), noting this is standard for tech companies.                                                           | Tim noted that infrastructure (like Pith and analytics) is approved, which will help track adoption and justify the 15% spend.             |
| Cross-Committee Sync           | Tex provided updates on the Open Source committee, noting they are currently running a developer advocate program and wish to align outreach efforts with GMC.                                         | There is a potential "budget info action" anticipated for late March or April, depending on the ratification of the roadmap and vision.    |
| Governance Fatigue             | Tim noted a period of "fatigue" among DREPs and SPOs due to numerous live governance actions, including constitutional changes and committee appointments.                                             | The committee must monitor the timing of budget approvals relative to these ongoing votes.                                                 |
| Vice Chair Election Process    | Lara introduced a formal voting process via the member area website to elect a Vice Chair. The goal is to ensure continuity and a clear path for leadership transition.                                | Action: Lara to discuss the technical setup with Lorenzo. The process will be automated and public to committee members.                   |
| Call for Vice Chair Candidates | Tim suggested a "mental model" of an incoming, current, and outgoing chair for better knowledge transfer. Candidates need to volunteer.                                                                | Action: Interested members should drop a note in the GMC Discord channel within the next 3-5 days.                                         |
| Election Timeline              | The committee aims to have the Vice Chair formally in place by the end of January to allow for a smooth transition before the April mandate changes.                                                   | Voting is expected to stay open for about a week following the application window.                                                         |
