# Meeting Minutes 02/03/2026

## Attendees:&#x20;

| Name             | Attendance | Role       | Voting Seat (Y/N) | Election Cycle |
| ---------------- | ---------- | ---------- | ----------------- | -------------- |
| Tim Harrison     | Yes        | Chair      | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Laura Mattiucci  | Yes        | Vice Chair | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Lara Bonasorte   | Yes        | Secretary  | N                 | N/A            |
| Andy Hung        | Yes        | Member     | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Anuj Chaudhary   | Yes        | Member     | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Hasitha Raymond  | Yes        | Member     | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Maggie Schmidt   | Yes        | Member     | Y                 | October 206    |
| Otavio Lima      | No         | Member     | Y                 | October 2026   |
| Reshan Fernando  | Yes        | Member     | Y                 | October 2026   |
| Wes Parkinson    | No         | Member     | Y                 | October 2026   |
| Yoram Ben Zvi    | Yes        | Member     | Y                 | October 2026   |

Other Guests:&#x20;

* Abhik Nag
* Benjamin Ben Zvi
* Marco Moshi
* Pedro Lucas
* Randy Randy
* Sanjaya Wanigasekera
* Terence McCutcheon
* Wilco van de Burgwal

&#x20;

**Recording:** [Growth & Marketing Committee - 2026/02/03 - Recording](https://drive.google.com/file/d/13YXjWSRoFDFKKW8FQx9eFC836u75FlZo/view?usp=sharing)

**Transcript:** [Growth & Marketing Committee - 2026/02/03 - Transcript](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1mNTNoxIfLQvh8rxZi8GSZCLT-TnT59YFp4LYECoFRrI/edit?usp=sharing)

**Chat Transcript:** [Growth & Marketing Committee - 2026/02/03 - Chat](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1P8-2Kkzwb-32jWrBTYqE9WSL5GLR3V40/view?usp=sharing)

## Intros/COI

Andy: Pacific Meta\
Anuj: Yoroi Wallet & EMURGO India Lead\
Hasitha: Elected Member(GMC), Intersect / Cardano Ecosystem Contributor since 2020\
Laura: Director Marketing and Comms at CF\
Maggie: TBD\
Otavio: TBD\
Reshan: TBD\
Tim: EVP Community & Ecosystem, Input | Output\
Tex: Open Source Program Manager(Intersect), OSC Secretary, Committee Liaison\
Wes: Rare Network\
Yoram: TBD

## Agenda 2.03.25

* &#x20;Open Forum

## Decisions/Actions

**Decisions**

* **Approval of Agenda Order:** The committee decided to proceed with Yoram’s enterprise presentation immediately, despite requests to move it, to ensure the recorded session stayed on track.
* **Pilot Program Strategy:** The committee agreed to adopt a "Vertical Pilot" approach for 2026, focusing on two specific industries to test coordinated onboarding rather than a broad, multi-industry approach.
* **KPI Alignment:** It was decided that all business and marketing initiatives must be measurable against the established 2030 "North Star" KPIs.
* **Resource Shift:** There was a consensus to shift the focus of Cardano.org from a purely developer-centric resource to a more enterprise-friendly lead generation funnel.

**Actions**

* **Meeting Coordination:** Lara and Tim to meet offline to review committee schedules (GMC and MCC) and attempt to eliminate overlaps for members serving on both.
* **MCC Secretary Outreach:** Lara to contact the MCC secretary to discuss potential time changes for future meetings.
* **Vertical Selection:** Yoram and the committee to finalize the selection of the two pilot verticals within the next few weeks.
* **Budget Review:** All members to review the "Budget Design Guidelines" document shared by Lara and provide feedback on Discord.
* **TrialTech Update:** Yoram to coordinate with Rahul to schedule a progress report on the TrialTech agricultural project for a future meeting.
* **External Guest Invitation:** Anuj to look into inviting a representative from the ONDC (India) to present their objectives to the committee.
* **Feedback Synthesis:** Lara to collect committee feedback on the budget draft to present at the next ISC (Intersect Steering Committee) and Secretary calls.

| Topic                           | Discussion                                                                                                                                                            | Notes                                                                                                           |
| ------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Meeting Quorum & Logistics      | Lara confirmed quorum. A discussion ensued regarding the absence of certain members due to planning sessions and potential scheduling overlaps with other committees. | Tim noted that Laura might still be in a planning week; Lara to verify attendance for future sessions.          |
| Committee Scheduling Conflicts  | Wilco raised concerns regarding the overlap between the GMC and MCC (Marketing & Communications Committee) meetings, noting it prevents participation in both.        | Lara and Tim agreed to regroup offline to align schedules across different time zones to avoid future overlaps. |
| Enterprise Onboarding Strategy  | Yoram introduced a framework for enterprise onboarding designed to coordinate growth and marketing initiatives across the ecosystem.                                  | Focus is on creating a business framework rather than just isolated marketing events.                           |
| Vision 2030 KPIs                | Yoram highlighted the "North Star" goals derived from the Product Committee, defining key performance indicators for Cardano through 2030.                            | <p><br></p>                                                                                                     |
| Vertical Pilot Program          | The committee discussed choosing two specific industry verticals as pilots for 2026 to test a coordinated go-to-market strategy.                                      | The goal is to prove that a focused, coordinated approach yields better results than fragmented efforts.        |
| Agricultural Supply Chains      | Yoram proposed Agriculture as a primary vertical, citing decentralized needs and existing partnerships in India involving millions of farmers.                        | This vertical would integrate Oracles, stablecoins, and decentralized identity (DID) solutions.                 |
| Sports & Fan Engagement         | Discussion on a pilot with Barcelona FC involving fan engagement via Discord. The focus is on "blockchain-invisible" user experiences.                                | Laura suggested fitting sports into a broader "Loyalty Program" category for better marketing structure.        |
| Digital Product Passports (DPP) | Laura mentioned upcoming EU mandates for traceability in industries like batteries and photovoltaics as a massive opportunity for Cardano.                            | DPP mandates begin next year, offering a clear regulatory-driven entry point for blockchain.                    |
| Lead Generation Funnel          | Laura suggested revamping Cardano.org to act as a funnel, moving away from a purely developer-centric resource to one that captures enterprise leads.                 | <p><br></p>                                                                                                     |
| Stablecoin Integration          | Tim emphasized that while stablecoins (like USDC) are seen as DeFi primitives, they are essential for institutional engagement and B2B settlements.                   | Reliable stablecoins are considered a prerequisite for most enterprise use cases discussed.                     |
| Regional Opportunities (India)  | Anuj highlighted the ONDC (Open Network for Digital Commerce) in India as a gateway for on-chain trade settlements and remittances.                                   | Anuj may invite ONDC representatives to a future meeting to explain their objectives.                           |
| B2B vs. B2C Support             | Yoram clarified that his focus is primarily B2B, requiring long-term relationship building rather than just marketing spend.                                          | Tim queried how community and treasury funding could accelerate these existing ecosystem businesses.            |
| TrialTech Progress              | The committee expressed interest in a progress report from Rahul regarding TrialTech’s work in the agricultural sector.                                               | Yoram to coordinate a future update from the TrialTech team.                                                    |
| Budget Design Guidelines        | Lara shared a draft document regarding budget design and delivery dates for committee feedback.                                                                       | Members are asked to review the document on Discord and provide feedback before the next meeting.               |
| AOB (Any Other Business)        | The meeting concluded early to allow members to review the budget document and attend the MCC meeting.                                                                | Lara will coordinate with the GMC and MCC secretaries to address the scheduling feedback.                       |
