# Meeting Minutes 01/20/2026

## Attendees:&#x20;

| Name             | Attendance | Role      | Voting Seat (Y/N) | Election Cycle |
| ---------------- | ---------- | --------- | ----------------- | -------------- |
| Tim Harrison     | Yes        | Chair     | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Lara Bonasorte   | Yes        | Secretary | N                 | N/A            |
| Andy Hung        | Yes        | Member    | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Anuj Chaudhary   | Yes        | Member    | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Hasitha Raymond  | Yes        | Member    | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Laura Mattiucci  | Yes        | Member    | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Maggie Schmidt   | No         | Member    | Y                 | October 206    |
| Otavio Lima      | Yes        | Member    | Y                 | October 2026   |
| Reshan Fernando  | Yes        | Member    | Y                 | October 2026   |
| Wes Parkinson    | Yes        | Member    | Y                 | October 2026   |
| Yoram Ben Zvi    | Yes        | Member    | Y                 | October 2026   |

Other Guests:&#x20;

* Benjamin Ben Zvi
* Jashar Seyfi
* JB
* Meek Owen’s
* Natalie Tillack
* Pedro Lucas
* Rapha
* Terence McCutcheon

&#x20;

**Recording:** [Growth & Marketing Committee - 2026/01/20 - Recording](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1JXomJqWbwVQhsh8mozu3J33BNpQxqJdd/view?usp=sharing)

**Transcript:** [Growth & Marketing Committee - 2026/01/20 - Transcript](https://docs.google.com/document/d/18vkhFf8YydSIaxos_OR8UIfyhKUr4zL1PkTsRi7DTR8/edit?usp=sharing)

**Chat Transcript:** [Growth & Marketing Committee - 2026/01/20 - Chat](https://drive.google.com/file/d/10xlqyahUuBrzUzSBtphBC_aVkuA9NdPQ/view?usp=sharing)

## Intros/COI

Andy: Pacific Meta\
Anuj: Yoroi Wallet & EMURGO India Lead\
Hasitha: Elected Member(GMC), Intersect / Cardano Ecosystem Contributor since 2020\
Laura: Director Marketing and Comms at CF\
Maggie: TBD\
Otavio: TBD\
Reshan: TBD\
Tim: EVP Community & Ecosystem, Input | Output\
Tex: Open Source Program Manager(Intersect), OSC Secretary, Committee Liaison\
Wes: Rare Network\
Yoram: TBD

## Agenda 1.20.25

* &#x20;Open Forum

## Decisions/Actions

**Decisions**

* **Vice Chair Election:** The committee moved to confirm Laura as the Vice Chair during the call, as she was the sole candidate and a quorum was present.
* **Meeting Reschedule:** Jashar’s presentation was officially postponed to the next session to allow for a "proper session" and more time.
* **Direct Vote Method:** The committee decided to use a chat-based/reaction poll for immediate confirmation of the Vice Chair position rather than utilizing a separate platform.

**Actions**

* **JB (Scrib3):** Send the presentation deck and the detailed proposal document to the email address provided by Lara.
* **Lara:** Share the Scrib3 presentation materials with all meeting attendees and provide Vice Chair election updates on Discord.
* **Committee Members:** Review the "Vision 2030" framework and flow link shared by Yoram in the chat.
* **Tim/Lara:** Schedule a follow-up Q\&A session with JB in approximately two weeks to dive deeper into the marketing fund proposal.
* **Terence:** Finalize and verify the poll report to ensure all votes were cast by core committee members.
* **Jashar:** Prepare to lead a presentation at the beginning of the next committee meeting.

| Topic                | Discussion                                                                                                                                                       | Notes                                                                    |
| -------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Welcome & Intro      | Lara opened the meeting; members joined from various locations. Reshan noted he would be on mute while driving.                                                  | General check-in and atmosphere setting.                                 |
| Agenda Overview      | Lara outlined the session: Scribe 3 presentation, Q\&A, and an update on the Vice Chair election.                                                                | Confirmation that Tim was expected to join shortly.                      |
| Vice Chair Update    | Only one expression of interest was received for the Vice Chair position, submitted by Laura.                                                                    | Laura confirmed her willingness to serve in the role.                    |
| Election Process     | Tim suggested a live vote/reaction-based confirmation since only one candidate applied. Lara confirmed a quorum was present.                                     | Voting was initiated via a poll in the chat interface.                   |
| Scribe 3 Intro       | JB (CEO of Scribe) introduced his firm, noting his history with the previous GMC and Cardano's decentralization.                                                 | Scribe is 3 years old with 40 staff across 15 countries.                 |
| Marketing Portfolio  | JB highlighted Scribe’s work with Midnight, IOG, Solana, and Chainlink, emphasizing "best-in-class" ecosystem marketing.                                         | They categorize marketing into Creative, PR, and Digital.                |
| Reputation Shift     | Tim asked about the challenge of repositioning established brands. JB noted Cardano must shift from a "legacy/Charles-led" brand to a modern, community-led one. | Goal: Moving away from 10 years of "academic/legacy" stigma.             |
| Grants vs. Expertise | JB criticized traditional $20k grants for marketing, arguing that projects often lack the infrastructure to spend them effectively.                              | Proposal: Pair financial resources with Scribe's professional expertise. |
| Brand Halo Effect    | JB used Apple as an example of a "Brand Halo," where sub-projects benefit from the master brand’s equity (and vice versa).                                       | Discussion on when to associate with or distance from the Cardano brand. |
| Cardano's Persona    | Anuj asked about current positioning. JB described Cardano as the "National Geographic" of crypto—intellectual and serious, but perceived as "antisocial."       | Need to make the brand more inclusive and modern without losing depth.   |
| Proposed Fund        | JB proposed a $500k–$1M fund to support community marketing with high accountability and professional oversight.                                                 | Aiming for "news you can use" rather than "copy-paste" meme marketing.   |
| Framework & KPIs     | Yoram discussed a "Vision 2030" framework, prioritizing verticals like DePIN, AI, and Bitcoin DeFi to align with marketing.                                      | Yoram shared a draft flow/link for the committee to review.              |
| Vice Chair Result    | Terence and Lara monitored the poll. Yoram confirmed his vote for Laura via chat as he had technical issues with the poll.                                       | Laura appears to have the committee's support for the position.          |
| Snek/Guest Context   | Rapha (Snek) clarified his presence was to support ecosystem growth and marketing efforts, though the format wasn't ideal for a deep dive.                       | Future separate discussions with Snek may be required.                   |
| Next Steps           | Jashar’s presentation was postponed to the next meeting due to time constraints.                                                                                 | JB to share his deck and a detailed document with the committee.         |
