# August 26, 2025

### Attendees:&#x20;

| Name                                                 | Attendance | Role                                                      |
| ---------------------------------------------------- | ---------- | --------------------------------------------------------- |
| [Simo Simovic](mailto:simo.simovic@intersectmbo.org) | Yes        | WG Secretary                                              |
| Phil Lewis                                           | Yes        | WG Lead - ISC Member                                      |
| Laura Mattiucci                                      | Yes        | GMC Member, CF - Director of Marketing and Communications |
| Shunsuke Murasaki                                    | No         | Budget Committee Member                                   |
| Sandro Tarchini                                      | Yes        | CF - Global Head of Business Development                  |
| Nadia Mannell                                        | Yes        | CF                                                        |
| Umar Jan                                             | Yes        | CF                                                        |
| Alex Seregin                                         | No         | Intersect member                                          |
| Ermias Giovanni                                      | No         | Storm - Director, Marketing & Growth                      |
| Joe Alam                                             | Yes        | Intersect member                                          |
| Pedro Lucas                                          | Yes        | Chair of Open Source Committee                            |
| Gintama                                              | Yes        | <p><br></p>                                               |
| Antria Pansy                                         | No         | <p><br></p>                                               |
| Oladimeji Mubarak                                    | No         | GMC Member                                                |
| Tim Richmond                                         | No         | Head of Comms                                             |
| Tomas Garro                                          | Yes        | Storm Partners                                            |

\


Recording: [Enterprise & Government Adoption WG Fortnightly - 2025/08/26 02:51 CDT - Recording](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1PHuwitccpEm2SBD4kCP1_phtyAb73cp6/view)

Transcript: [Enterprise & Government Adoption WG Fortnightly - 2025/08/26 02:51 CDT - Transcript](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1RczScT6idXADK4lScjAqGZ8xHPsz2VfRN8HFKqudp9Q/edit?tab=t.0)



Agenda 26.08.2025

* Oceania Strategic Plan
* Production-Linked Incentive Framework

### Decisions/Actions

<table data-header-hidden><thead><tr><th width="152.47265625"></th><th width="252.359375"></th><th></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Discussion Point</td><td>Notes</td><td>Actions: Responsible / Note</td></tr><tr><td>PLA Scheme (Production Linked Incentive)</td><td>A participant presented a refined proposal for a new funding mechanism based on a "production-linked incentive formula." The proposal included four reward outflow models: rewards based on transaction fees, subsidies for infrastructure costs, repayable grants, and low-interest loans. The presenter emphasized that this approach aims to be more sustainable and capital-efficient than current funding models. The discussion included plans to collaborate with other committees and use existing initiatives as a foundation for this broader scheme.</td><td>The proposer will continue to collect feedback and collaborate with other committees.</td></tr><tr><td>"Ease of Building" on Cardano</td><td>A participant presented a concept for a "Cardano Ease of Building Index." The proposal outlined the need for a unified developer portal with all necessary tools and documentation, and a system for tracking key metrics to benchmark Cardano's developer experience. The presenter's vision is to make the developer onboarding process as efficient as possible. The group discussed the need to improve the user journey from the main Cardano website and a participant suggested that the community team at the Cardano Foundation could help with the implementation.</td><td>A participant will create a shared document for mapping user journeys and another will reach out to a community member about a world map project. &#x3C;br> All members are encouraged to contribute to the user journey mapping.</td></tr><tr><td>Oceania Strategic Plan</td><td>Participants gave an update on a community-led strategic plan for the Oceania region. The plan, which is to be submitted as a governance action, has been updated to be more manageable and serve as a pilot program for other regions. The proposal includes a business development program, ecosystem mapping, community engagement, and marketing. It was also noted that the team behind the proposal would need help with branding from other organizations within the ecosystem.</td><td>The proposers will continue to refine the proposal for submission. &#x3C;br> The presenters will coordinate with the Cardano Foundation's team for branding assistance.</td></tr></tbody></table>
