# June 3, 2025

## Attendees:&#x20;

| Name                                                 | Attendance | Role                                     |
| ---------------------------------------------------- | ---------- | ---------------------------------------- |
| [Simo Simovic](mailto:simo.simovic@intersectmbo.org) | Yes        | WG Secretary                             |
| Phil Lewis                                           | Yes        | WG Lead - ISC Member                     |
| Laura Mattiucci                                      | Yes        | GMC Member                               |
| Shunsuke Murasaki                                    | No         | Budget Committee Member                  |
| Sandro Tarchini                                      | No         | CF - Global Head of Business Development |
| Nadia Mannell                                        | Yes        | CF                                       |
| Umar Jan                                             | Yes        | CF                                       |
| Nathaniel Acton                                      | No         | EMURGO                                   |



Recording: [Enterprise & Government Adoption WG Kick Off - 2025/06/03 09:55 CEST - Recording](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1VIW1hCw_W95agCgQV3bvm58VhFwmPpId/view)

Transcript: [Enterprise & Government Adoption WG Kick Off - 2025/06/03 09:55 CEST - Transcript](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LWEKwmeypGV-BhUj72dHVVJVfp-s_L744lvOy0KLdl8/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.e7iave9u4nrv)

## Agenda 03.06.2025

* Discussion on way of working (communication channels and document management)
* Review the draft WG Charter
* Align and agree on the overall purpose and objectives of the Working Group

## Decisions/Actions

<table data-header-hidden><thead><tr><th width="148.5234375"></th><th width="239.3046875"></th><th></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Discussion Point</td><td>Notes</td><td>Actions: Responsible / Note</td></tr><tr><td>Introductions and Backgrounds</td><td>Each participant introduced themselves, sharing their background and motivation for joining the working group. Simo Simovic (Intersect, Head of Delivery &#x26; ISC Secretary) will serve as the working group's secretary.</td><td>N/A</td></tr><tr><td>Working Group Charter Review</td><td>The initial charter document was shared for review, and initial feedback indicated it was broadly acceptable. It was emphasized that a clear process is needed for ratifying strategy and effectively communicating it to the wider community—particularly to DReps—to ensure alignment and support during the budgeting process. A suggestion was made to prioritize the creation of a practical strategic roadmap with defined timelines, rather than producing lengthy strategy papers, to enable faster execution and clearer direction.</td><td><p>Participants (Umar, Nadia, Murasaki) will review the charter document and provide feedback.</p><p>The group aims to finalize the charter for ratification by the Growth &#x26; Marketing Committee at the next meeting.</p></td></tr><tr><td>Working Group Operations &#x26; Logistics</td><td><p>Discussion covered folder access for documentation, Discord channel usage for communication, meeting cadence, and potential new members.The working group participant agreed to communicate via the Discord channel. </p><p>A new document for WG deliverables is created and shared with participants.</p><p>Meeting summaries and notes will be shared internally for review before the final is published on a knowledge base. </p><p>The next meeting will be held fortnightly on June 17th at the same time. </p></td><td><p>Simo: Send Discord invitations to Umar, Nadia, and Sandro. </p><p>The group will reach out to potential new members (associate Intersect members) who could contribute.</p><p>Simo: Create WG knowledge base and publish summary of the kick off meeting.</p></td></tr><tr><td>Unified Messaging &#x26; Resources for Enterprise Adoption</td><td>The importance of aligning value propositions, focusing on specific regions, and sharing experiences when engaging with governments and enterprises was highlighted. It was noted that the cardano.org website could serve as a central platform for communicating a unified message. Ongoing efforts were mentioned to enhance enterprise-focused content on the Cardano Foundation website, including case studies and solution narratives, with plans to expand to broader industry use cases on cardano.org.</td><td><p>Participants to share their approaches and best practices for enterprise engagement in the WG Deliverables document.</p><p>Also to write challenges encountered when starting a business on Cardano.</p></td></tr></tbody></table>
