# Meeting Minutes 02/26/2025

## Attendees:&#x20;

| Name                     | Attendance | Role                        | Voting Seat (Y/N) |
| ------------------------ | ---------- | --------------------------- | ----------------- |
| Simon F.                 | Yes        | Interim Chair               | Y                 |
| Terence ‘Tex’ McCutcheon | Yes        | Interim Secretary           | N                 |
| Jack Briggs              | No         | Secretary                   | N                 |
| Laura M.                 | Yes        | Member - Cardano Foundation | Y                 |
| Nathan A.                | Yes        | Member - EMURGO             | Y                 |
| Wes P.                   | No         | Member - Rare Network       | Y                 |
| Martin M.                | No         | Member                      | Y                 |
| Vaibhav (Gintama)        | Yes        | Member                      | Y                 |
| Mubarak O.               | Yes        | Member                      | Y                 |
| Tim H.                   | Yes        | Member                      | Y                 |
| Rand M.                  | Yes        | SME - Rare Network          | N                 |
| Natalia                  | Yes        | SME                         | N                 |
| John G.                  | No         | SME                         | N                 |
| Juan S.                  | Yes        | SME                         | N                 |
| Jose I.                  | Yes        | SME - ADA Solar             | N                 |

Other Guests:&#x20;

* N/A

## Intros/COI

**Simon:** TBD

**Laura:** TBD

**Nate:** TBD

**Wes:** TBD

**Martin:** TBD

**Vaibhav:** Voting member of bootstrap growth and marketing committee. Voluntary Part of Various Working groups in intersect.

**Mubarak:** AKA Kit Willow: Voting member of the Growth and Marketing Committee.

**Tim:** TBD

**Rand:** TBD

**Natalia:** ADALINK, Interim GMC Non-Voting Member, CEO of AdaLink&#x20;

**John:** TBD

**Juan:** TBD

**Jose:** TBD

**Jack:** TBD

**Tex:** Open Source Program Manager (Intersect), OSC Secretary, Committee Liaison

## Agenda 2.26.25

* [FAQ draft\_v1](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1oTabH1BKBLoii6UH2R2epp3M-VI6eznhX44m3CRXSiU/edit?tab=t.0) (10)
* GMC twitter Channel (7)
* Elections in April (7)
* Marketing Strategy (10)
* Budget(20)

## Decisions/Actions

Committee Elections:

| Name       | Affiliation        | April Election | SME/Voting |
| ---------- | ------------------ | -------------- | ---------- |
| Laura M.   | Cardano Foundation | Yes            | VOTING     |
| Nathan A.  | EMURGO             | October        | VOTING     |
| Wes P.     | RARE Network       | October        | VOTING     |
| Martin M.  | Community          | Yes            | VOTING     |
| Simon F.   | Cardano After Dark | Yes            | VOTING     |
| Gintama    | Community          | Yes            | VOTING     |
| Mubarak O. | Community          | October        | VOTING     |
| Tim H.     | IO                 | Yes            | VOTING     |

\
For Everyone:

* Review the FAQ draft: All members should familiarize themselves with the draft FAQ.
* Draft personal marketing statements: Each member should write a short statement outlining their views on marketing Cardano (3-4 lines were suggested).

For Specific People:

* Terence McCutcheon:
  * Follow up with Jack about the creation of the TMC Twitter account.
  * Document and share the meeting's next steps on Discord (Seomon offered to do this if Terence is unable).
  * Post a poll on Discord to determine if all committee members should be up for election.
* Seomon register:
  * Clarify which strategy document the FAQ draft references (old or new).
  * Document and share the meeting's next steps on Discord if Terence cannot.
* The Group as a Whole:
  * Finalize the list of questions for election applicants, incorporating suggestions from the meeting.
  * Review Tim's document with proposed next steps.
  * Engage with the product committee to align on the marketing strategy.
  * Identify any line items in the budget that need further clarification or modification.
  * Begin working on a detailed go-to-market plan for 2025.
  * Consider forming an advisory group to assist with strategy development.

| Topic                                  | Discussion                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               | Action Items                                                                                                                                         |
| -------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Agenda & FAQ Draft                     | Seomon shared the meeting agenda and a link to an FAQ draft. Discussion on whether to link the marketing strategy document in the FAQ (consensus: no, as it's not finalized and doesn't reflect the current budget). Question of whether the FAQ draft is based on the old or new marketing strategy document. Kit clarified that the draft refers to the strategy document the marketing working group was working on.                                                                                                                                                  | Review the FAQ draft. Clarify which strategy document the FAQ references.                                                                            |
| Committee Member Thoughts on Marketing | Gintama suggested including a short document with committee members' thoughts on the importance of marketing in the FAQ. Tim suggested this could be a personal objective statement from each member. Kit supported the idea and encouraged members to write and publish individual essays on platforms like Medium. Discussion on whether to use Medium or Twitter for sharing these thoughts.                                                                                                                                                                          | Committee members to draft short personal statements on their views on marketing Cardano. Explore sharing these statements on Twitter and/or Medium. |
| TMC Twitter Channel                    | Discussion on the creation of the TMC Twitter channel. Terence provided an update, stating that an X account hasn't been set up yet and it might not be ready until April due to elections. Laura suggested that Intersect could help set up the official account, and the marketing group could manage the content. Discussion on delegate access and permissions for the account. Tim suggested using a platform like Sprout Social to manage access.                                                                                                                  | Terence to follow up on the creation of the X account with Jack. Explore using Sprout Social for managing account access.                            |
| Campaign                               | Proposal from Juan S. to launch an immediate campaign to raise awareness and goodwill                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |                                                                                                                                                      |
| Elections in April                     | Terence asked for a final count of committee members willing to give up their seats in the April elections. Tim, Seomon, and Laura volunteered to give up their seats. Discussion on whether all committee members should be up for election in this round. AdaLink argued for a full committee election to ensure legitimacy and community ratification. Tim emphasized the importance of community mandate and suggested a 3-month transition period for knowledge transfer. Juan and Gintama supported the idea of a staggered election process to ensure continuity. | Conduct a poll on Discord to decide whether all committee members should be up for election.                                                         |
| Election Application Questions         | Discussion on the three questions to be asked of election applicants. Nathaniel suggested adding a question about applicants' experience in web3/web2 marketing and their ability to provide examples of marketing growth. Tim suggested adding a question about applicants' current professional roles in Cardano projects. Laura suggested removing the first question ("fluffiest").                                                                                                                                                                                  | Finalize the list of questions for election applicants. Include questions about marketing experience and current roles in Cardano projects.          |
