# Meeting Minutes 03/19/2025

## Attendees:&#x20;

| Name                     | Attendance | Role                        | Voting Seat (Y/N) |
| ------------------------ | ---------- | --------------------------- | ----------------- |
| Simon F.                 | Yes        | Interim Chair               | Y                 |
| Terence ‘Tex’ McCutcheon | Yes        | Interim Secretary           | N                 |
| Jack Briggs              | No         | Secretary                   | N                 |
| Laura M.                 | Yes        | Member - Cardano Foundation | Y                 |
| Nathan A.                | Yes        | Member - EMURGO             | Y                 |
| Wes P.                   | Yes        | Member - Rare Network       | Y                 |
| Martin M.                | Yes        | Member                      | Y                 |
| Vaibhav (Gintama)        | Yes        | Member                      | Y                 |
| Mubarak O.               | Yes        | Member                      | Y                 |
| Tim H.                   | Yes        | Member                      | Y                 |
| Rand M.                  | No         | SME - Rare Network          | N                 |
| Natalia                  | Yes        | SME                         | N                 |
| John G.                  | No         | SME                         | N                 |
| Juan S.                  | Yes        | SME                         | N                 |
| Jose I.                  | Yes        | SME - ADA Solar             | N                 |
| JB                       | Yes        | SME - Scrib3                | N                 |

Other Guests:&#x20;

* Lloyd Duhon
* Thiago Nunes

## Intros/COI

Simon: TBD\
Laura: Laura Mattiucci, Director Marketing and Comms at CF\
Nate: Nate Acton, VP of Global Marketing at EMURGO\
Wes: TBD\
Martin: TBD\
Vaibhav: Voting member of bootstrap growth and marketing committee. Voluntary Part of Various Working groups in intersect.\
Mubarak: AKA Kit Willow: Voting member of the Growth and Marketing Committee. Community member\
Tim: Tim Harrison, EVP Community & Ecosystem, Input | Output\
Rand: TBD\
Natalia: ADALINK, Interim GMC Non-Voting Member, CEO of AdaLink \
John: TBD\
Juan: TBD\
Jose: TBD\
Jack: TBD\
Tex: Open Source Program Manager (Intersect), OSC Secretary, Committee Liaison

## Agenda 3.19.25

* COI
* Announcements
* Wachsman Intro to GMC
* Product Marketing
* Events
* Strategy Deck
* Budget/ Budget Comms
* Concerns
* Open Forum

## Decisions/Actions

* **Agreement to engage with Wachsman:** The committee agreed to proceed with an introductory call with Voxman, a PR firm, to explore potential collaboration.
* **Agreement to invite Carl from the product committee:** The committee decided to invite Carl from the product committee to a future meeting to improve collaboration.
* **Agreement to create a vendor list:** The committee agreed to compile a list of preferred vendors for various services, including events and education.
* **Agreement to seek DREP feedback before formal budget submission:** The committee agreed to conduct a "temperature check" with DREPs by posting the revised budget and supporting materials on the Cardano forum for feedback before formally submitting the budget.
* **Agreement to create a list of presentation spaces:** The committee agreed to create a list of spaces to present the budget proposals to, for feedback.
* **Agreement to conduct a poll to determine the budget submission style:** The committee agreed to conduct a poll to determine whether to submit the budget as a single proposal or individual line items.

| Topic                                      | Discussion                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                | Action Items                                                                                                                                                      |
| ------------------------------------------ | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Agenda Setting & Announcements             | Review of agenda items: announcements, Voxman intro, product marketing, events strategy, budget, and concerns. Tim Harrison requested final approval on budget line items and a basic communication plan.                                                                                 | Add budget communication to the agenda.                                                                                                                           |
| Affiliations & Conflicts of Interest       | Terence McCutcheon requested all members provide their name, role, and any relevant affiliations or conflicts of interest.                                                                                                                                                                | Ensure all members provide affiliation details and update meeting minutes accordingly.                                                                            |
| Voxman Introduction                        | Nathaniel Acton introduced Voxman, a global PR company specializing in blockchain. An introductory call is scheduled for next week.                                                                                                                                                       | Attend the Voxman introductory call on Monday at 13:30 UTC.                                                                                                       |
| Product Marketing Collaboration            | Discussion on how the marketing committee can support the product committee. Ideas included road map marketing, digital marketing feedback, educational content, and gathering community feedback. Tim Harrison suggested aligning on a message house and defining an engagement program. | Invite Carl from the product committee to the next Friday meeting. Tim Harrison to chat with Carl separately.                                                     |
| Global Brand Marketing & Product Alignment | Gintama emphasized the need for collaboration between the global brand marketing and product committees to ensure consistent messaging. JB highlighted the importance of aligning global brand marketing with the product roadmap.                                                        | Ensure ongoing collaboration between the global brand marketing and product committees.                                                                           |
| Events Budget Concerns                     | Seomon raised concerns about the events budget increasing to over 50% of the total budget. Laura Mattiucci clarified that the budget includes down payments for future events. Tim Harrison questioned the strategy for charging for events.                                              | Clarify the revenue strategy for events, including the summit. Define guidelines for free vs. paid events.                                                        |
| Community-Led Events & Inclusivity         | Discussion on ensuring inclusivity in event funding, particularly for community-led events. AdaLink emphasized the importance of providing opportunities for smaller entities.                                                                                                            | Incorporate inclusivity considerations into the RFP process for community events.                                                                                 |
| Virtual Events & Vendor Selection          | Discussion on including virtual events in the budget and creating a list of preferred vendors. Tim Harrison suggested including experienced vendors with a proven track record.                                                                                                           | Create a list of preferred vendors for events and other services. Explore the possibility of including virtual event hosting in the budget.                       |
| Budget Submission Strategy                 | Discussion on whether to submit the budget as a single proposal or individual line items. Lloyd Duhon suggested a temperature check with DREPs before formal submission.                                                                                                                  | Post the revised budget and supporting materials on the Cardano forum for DREP feedback. Conduct a poll to decide on submission strategy (single vs. individual). |
| Communication with DREPs                   | JB suggested facilitating a Q\&A session with DREPs to clarify budget details. Lloyd Duhon recommended a temperature check with DREPs before formal submission.                                                                                                                           | Organize a Q\&A session with DREPs to discuss the budget proposal.                                                                                                |
| Vendor List & Ecosystem Players            | Tim Harrison emphasized the importance of funding key ecosystem players and creating a vendor list. Discussion of adding Gimbals Labs and IOG education to the education vendor list.                                                                                                     | Create a vendor list for various services, including education.                                                                                                   |
| Product Committee Workshop Follow-up       | Juan Sierra thanked Seomon for attending the product committee workshop and discussed ongoing marketing efforts for IOG events and partnerships.                                                                                                                                          | Continue communication and collaboration between the marketing and product committees.                                                                            |
| Budget Submission Form Clarification       | Discussion on the interpretation of UT’s comments regarding the budget submission form. Terence McCutcheon clarified that the committee can submit a collated budget as one proposal.                                                                                                     | Clarify any remaining questions regarding the budget submission form with relevant parties.                                                                       |
| Potential Vendor Outreach                  | Discussion about reaching out to potential vendors, such as Discover Cardano, before publishing the budget.                                                                                                                                                                               | Reach out to potential vendors to inform them of the budget and RFP process.                                                                                      |
| List of Presentation Spaces                | Proposal to create a list of spaces to present the budget proposals to, for feedback.                                                                                                                                                                                                     | Create a list of spaces for budget proposal presentations.                                                                                                        |
