# Meeting Minutes 03/26/2025

## Attendees:&#x20;

| Name                     | Attendance | Role                        | Voting Seat (Y/N) |
| ------------------------ | ---------- | --------------------------- | ----------------- |
| Simon F.                 | Yes        | Interim Chair               | Y                 |
| Terence ‘Tex’ McCutcheon | Yes        | Interim Secretary           | N                 |
| Jack Briggs              | No         | Secretary                   | N                 |
| Laura M.                 | Yes        | Member - Cardano Foundation | Y                 |
| Nathan A.                | No         | Member - EMURGO             | Y                 |
| Wes P.                   | Yes        | Member - Rare Network       | Y                 |
| Martin M.                | No         | Member                      | Y                 |
| Vaibhav (Gintama)        | Yes        | Member                      | Y                 |
| Mubarak O.               | No         | Member                      | Y                 |
| Tim H.                   | Yes        | Member                      | Y                 |
| Rand M.                  | No         | SME - Rare Network          | N                 |
| Natalia                  | Yes        | SME                         | N                 |
| John G.                  | Yes        | SME                         | N                 |
| Juan S.                  | Yes        | SME                         | N                 |
| Jose I.                  | No         | SME - ADA Solar             | N                 |

Other Guests:&#x20;

* Elizabeth Morrison
* Thiago Nunes

## Intros/COI

Simon: Simon 'Seomon' Fleck: Interim GMC Chair, Cardano After Dark co-founder, ODIN member\
Laura: Laura Mattiucci, Director Marketing and Comms at CF\
Nate: Nate Acton, VP of Global Marketing at EMURGO\
Wes: TBD\
Martin: TBD\
Vaibhav: Voting member of bootstrap growth and marketing committee. Voluntary Part of Various Working groups in intersect.\
Mubarak: AKA Kit Willow: Voting member of the Growth and Marketing Committee. Community member\
Tim: Tim Harrison, EVP Community & Ecosystem, Input | Output\
Rand: TBD\
Natalia: ADALINK, Interim GMC Non-Voting Member, CEO of AdaLink \
John: TBD\
Juan: TBD\
Jose: TBD\
Jack: TBD\
Tex: Open Source Program Manager (Intersect), OSC Secretary, Committee Liaison

## Agenda 3.26.25

* Agenda (2m)
* Announcements (5m)
* Talks with Kyle/Product (10m)
* [GMC Charter](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1yDPhmKiO7lK8ovFAQBmNl85CsIqAU0S8dv7VHBxuXr4/edit?tab=t.0) (10m)
* Budget 2.0 (10m)
  * Put in info action
  * Communication ([DRep-list](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1_IhEc69FHUFuggWrKUn4BeWIySScNyl6MPk7ubzvzS0/edit?gid=2009965007#gid=2009965007))
* [Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1G4WIn8JsF33UqI1vQ9PdwGyRjo5jViFsBhlp9jPQEzc/edit?slide=id.g3166f9ee2e9_0_4#slide=id.g3166f9ee2e9_0_4)
* [Strategic target audience](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1YAIzjk99Qo_Qld4TaoLfqnoofdgoMoVto9ZwzC37V1A/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.vxlml4b68y8c) (10)
* Wachsman meeting (5)
* What is our supplier approach

## Decisions/Actions

* **GMC Charter:** It was decided to create a clean version of the GMC charter for review at the next meeting, incorporating feedback on representation and delegated authority.
* **Budget 2.0:** The committee decided to schedule the budget 2.0 info action for the third week of April, with weekly reassessment. A Discord poll was to be created to confirm this schedule.
* **Budget 2.0 Slides:** It was decided to remove the "not for public release" note from the budget slides and replace it with "work in progress draft for DREP review."
* **Strategic Target Audience**: A working group was formed to develop the strategic target audience and go-to-market plan, including members from GMC, MCC, and the product committee, as well as an Intersect staff member.

| Topic                                | Discussion                                                                                                                                                                                                                        | Action Items                                                                                                                                                                                                              |
| ------------------------------------ | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Introductions and Agenda             | Introductions of attendees, including Elizabeth Morrison filling in for JB. Agenda outlined: announcements, Kyl product committee presentation, TMC charter, budget 2.0, communication, strategic target audience, and Vox me.    | None.                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
| Kyl Product Committee Update         | Tim Harrison IO provided an update on discussions with Kyle regarding aligning the product committee and TSC, focusing on the 2030 vision, go-to-market plan, regional opportunities, and defining metrics for ecosystem success. | Tim Harrison IO to continue collaboration with the product committee and explore shared metrics.                                                                                                                          |
| GMC Charter Review                   | Review of the GMC charter, with discussion on the committee's role as a strategic planning and representative entity. Concerns raised about the committee's authority and representation.                                         | Finalize a clean version of the charter for review next week, incorporating feedback on representation and delegated authority.                                                                                           |
| Budget 2.0 Discussion                | Discussion on the process for submitting budget proposals and the timing of the budget 2.0 info action. Concerns raised about the timing due to the NCL and ICC info actions.                                                     | Tim Harrison IO to consult with Jack on the budget submission process. Schedule the budget 2.0 info action for the third week of April, with weekly reassessment. Create a poll on Discord for approval of this schedule. |
| Budget 2.0: Proposal Submission      | Discussion on how budget proposals should be submitted, with concerns about individual vs. consolidated submissions. Clarification provided from AMA information.                                                                 | Tim Harrison IO to report back after talking to Jack about proposal process. Committee to review and consolidate proposals.                                                                                               |
| Budget 2.0: Event Budget             | Discussion on the allocation of the events budget, with concerns about ensuring optionality for community members to bid for budget. Clarification on available funds provided.                                                   | Ensure open bidding for event budget, with clear guidelines for community submissions.                                                                                                                                    |
| Budget 2.0: Product Committee Budget | Discussion on the product committee's budget for workshops related to the 2030 vision.                                                                                                                                            | Juan Sierra to provide details on the product committee’s workshop budget.                                                                                                                                                |
| Budget 2.0: Communication            | Discussion on communication strategies for the budget, including social media and event promotion.                                                                                                                                | Everyone to share budget related information on their social media. Add events to the shared document.                                                                                                                    |
| Budget 2.0: Slides                   | Discussion about the "not for public release" note on the budget slides.                                                                                                                                                          | Remove "not for public release" and replace with "work in progress draft for DREP review."                                                                                                                                |
| Strategic Target Audience            | Discussion on expanding the target audience to include researchers and refining the existing primary audience. Proposal to collaborate with the product committee on this.                                                        | Create a working group to develop the strategic target audience and go-to-market plan, including members from GMC, MCC, and the product committee. Tim Harrison IO to coordinate with relevant parties.                   |
| Working Group Formation              | Discussion on forming a working group for the marketing strategy document, including representatives from GMC, MCC, and the product committee.                                                                                    | Form the working group with representatives from GMC, MCC, and the product committee, and an intersect staff member.                                                                                                      |
| AdaLink's Participation              | AdaLink offers to share their marketing strategy and participate in the working group, despite limited time availability.                                                                                                         | Include AdaLink in the working group and incorporate their existing strategy.                                                                                                                                             |
| Cardano Over Coffee                  | Simon announces he has to leave for a Cardano over coffee meeting about the budget.                                                                                                                                               | Everyone to join the Cardano Over Coffee meeting if they are able.                                                                                                                                                        |
| Next Meeting Topics                  | Wachsman and supplier approaches will be pushed to next week’s meeting.                                                                                                                                                           | None.                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
