# Meeting Minutes 03/06/2025

## Attendees:&#x20;

<table data-header-hidden><thead><tr><th></th><th width="119.15625"></th><th width="260.265625"></th><th></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Name</td><td>Attendance</td><td>Role</td><td>Voting Seat (Y/N)</td></tr><tr><td>Simon F. </td><td>Yes</td><td>Interim Chair</td><td>Y</td></tr><tr><td>Terence ‘Tex’ McCutcheon</td><td>Yes</td><td>Interim Secretary</td><td>N</td></tr><tr><td>Jack Briggs</td><td>Yes</td><td>Secretary</td><td>N</td></tr><tr><td>Laura M. </td><td>Yes</td><td>Member - Cardano Foundation</td><td>Y</td></tr><tr><td>Nathan A. </td><td>Yes</td><td>Member - EMURGO</td><td>Y</td></tr><tr><td>Wes P.</td><td>Yes</td><td>Member - Rare Network</td><td>Y</td></tr><tr><td>Martin M. </td><td>Yes</td><td>Member</td><td>Y</td></tr><tr><td>Vaibhav (Gintama) </td><td>Yes</td><td>Member</td><td>Y</td></tr><tr><td>Mubarak O. </td><td>Yes</td><td>Member</td><td>Y</td></tr><tr><td>Tim H. </td><td>Yes</td><td>Member</td><td>Y</td></tr><tr><td>Rand M. </td><td>Yes</td><td>SME - Rare Network</td><td>N</td></tr><tr><td>Natalia</td><td>Yes</td><td>SME</td><td>N</td></tr><tr><td>John G. </td><td>Yes</td><td>SME</td><td>N</td></tr><tr><td>Juan S. </td><td>Yes</td><td>SME</td><td>N</td></tr><tr><td>Jose I.</td><td>Yes</td><td>SME - ADA Solar</td><td>N</td></tr><tr><td>JB</td><td>Yes</td><td>SME - Scrib3</td><td>N</td></tr></tbody></table>

&#x20;Other Guests:&#x20;

* Phil Lewis

## Intros/COI

**Simon:** TBD

**Laura:** Laura Mattiucci, Director Marketing and Comms at CF

**Nate:** Nate Acton, VP of Global Marketing at EMURGO

**Wes:** TBD

**Martin:** TBD

**Vaibhav:** Voting member of bootstrap growth and marketing committee. Voluntary Part of Various Working groups in intersect.

**Mubarak:** AKA Kit Willow: Voting member of the Growth and Marketing Committee. Community member

**Tim:** Tim Harrison, EVP Community & Ecosystem, Input | Output

**Rand:** TBD

**Natalia:** ADALINK, Interim GMC Non-Voting Member, CEO of AdaLink&#x20;

**John:** TBD

**Juan:** TBD

**Jose:** TBD

**Jack:** TBD

**Tex:** Open Source Program Manager (Intersect), OSC Secretary, Committee Liaison

## Agenda 3.05.25

* Upcoming Elections
* Budget Discussion
  * Education Line Item
* Open Forum

## Decisions/Actions

* Decision: Launch Enterprise Growth/Adoption working group

![](https://lh7-rt.googleusercontent.com/docsz/AD_4nXc5zxNhtGqs-PlJHeJz1aU4ne0Uw95YepP8oQypJE1a0rhjqukyMhcTAaqxjxCJFCAjzSUVdKX3HQwCX70lVjGj2rh3T0qj-3WaTMgYqhDlziVJ5AkIv5V-_bUTDWH8Ym8ZpS5E6g?key=vsy8f_4FsDwNlTPPPL7ZJGDp)

* Action: Vote was held in Discord. 7 of 8 Members voted unanimously Yes.&#x20;

| Topic                                 | Discussion                                                                                                                                                                                        | Action Items                                                                                                                                                 |
| ------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Upcoming Elections                    | Discussion about the upcoming elections and the uncertainty surrounding the process. Terence McCutcheon confirmed that three seats would continue and 1-2 seats would be elected in October.      | <p><br></p>                                                                                                                                                  |
| Enterprise Adoption Working Group     | Phil Lewis proposed a working group/subcommittee focused on enterprise adoption, strategizing, and building relationships with enterprises and governments.                                       | - Phil Lewis to coordinate with Tex and Laura to organize the group.                                                                                         |
| Budget Discussion                     | Discussion about the budget, concerns about cuts, and the process for gathering community sentiment. JB presented a revised budget with a 30% reduction.                                          | <p><br></p>                                                                                                                                                  |
| Community Management and Social Media | Gintama presented poll results showing that community management and social media had the least support for funding. Discussion about the best approach to social media and community management. | <p><br></p>                                                                                                                                                  |
| Education Line Item                   | Seomon Register expressed support for reinserting the education line item in the budget.                                                                                                          | - Put the reinstatement of the education line item to a vote.                                                                                                |
| Product Marketing and GTM             | JB introduced a new line item for product marketing planning and go-to-market (GTM) strategy. Discussion about the scope and purpose of the GTM plan.                                             | <p><br></p>                                                                                                                                                  |
| Events Budget and Timeline            | Wes Parkinson raised concerns about the events budget being cut and the six-month timeline being unrealistic. Discussion about the need for clarity and alignment on the events strategy.         | <p>- Wes Parkinson and Laura Mattiucci to sync on event budget and timeline.<br>- Wes Parkinson to consult with Jack and Tim about modifying guidelines.</p> |
| RFP Process                           | Discussion about the RFP process and the need for clarity. Concerns raised about the committee's responsibility and accountability in the process.                                                | <p><br></p>                                                                                                                                                  |
