# December 16, 2025

### Attendees:&#x20;

<table data-header-hidden><thead><tr><th width="192.55078125"></th><th width="146.1328125"></th><th></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Name</td><td>Attendance</td><td>Role</td></tr><tr><td><a href="mailto:simo.simovic@intersectmbo.org">Simo Simovic</a></td><td>Yes</td><td>WG Secretary</td></tr><tr><td>Phil Lewis</td><td>Yes</td><td>WG Lead - ISC Member</td></tr><tr><td>Laura Mattiucci</td><td>No</td><td>GMC Member, CF - Director of Marketing and Communications</td></tr><tr><td>Sandro Tarchini</td><td>Yes</td><td>CF - Global Head of Business Development</td></tr><tr><td>Nadia Mannell</td><td>Yes</td><td>CF</td></tr><tr><td>Umar Jan</td><td>Yes</td><td>CF</td></tr><tr><td>Alex Seregin</td><td>Yes</td><td>Intersect member</td></tr><tr><td>Ermias Giovanni</td><td>No</td><td>Storm - Director, Marketing &#x26; Growth</td></tr><tr><td>Jo Allum </td><td>No</td><td>Venture Centre </td></tr><tr><td>Pedro Lucas</td><td>Yes</td><td>Open Source Committee member</td></tr><tr><td>Gintama</td><td>Yes</td><td><br></td></tr><tr><td>Natalie Tillack</td><td>No</td><td><br></td></tr><tr><td>Samuel Wiedmer</td><td>Yes</td><td><br></td></tr><tr><td>Tomas Garro</td><td>Yes</td><td><br></td></tr><tr><td>Yoram Ben-Zvi</td><td>Yes</td><td><br></td></tr></tbody></table>



Recording: [Enterprise & Government Adoption WG Fortnightly - 2025/12/16 09:57 CET - Recording](https://drive.google.com/file/d/125Jf0hvI9hENPT8gLKC5QlCT5pWROz9z/view)

Transcript: [Enterprise & Government Adoption WG Fortnightly - 2025/12/16 09:57 CET - Transcript](https://docs.google.com/document/d/16i6mcc5Mt6Jz34LA3rygMOes5bu9OX1RZH8JNeveC2U/edit?tab=t.0)

### Agenda:

* Enterprise Enablement Program (EEP)
* Ecosystem mapping database
* Business Development Framework
* Cardano Trusted Partner Network

### Decisions/Actions

<table data-header-hidden><thead><tr><th width="173.03125"></th><th width="268.984375"></th><th></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Discussion Point</td><td>Notes</td><td>Actions: Responsible / Note</td></tr><tr><td>Enterprise Enablement Program (EEP)</td><td>Samuel Wiedmer (CF) introduced himself and the program's goals: education, ideation, business rationale, and partnership alignment. The goal is to enable enterprises to make informed decisions to build on Cardano with signed pilots and clear scaling paths.</td><td>Samuel to provide formal slides/presentation in January. He will also develop and share "Lego-style" modular workshop templates in Q1 2026.</td></tr><tr><td>Trusted Partner Network</td><td>Discussion on scaling CF's efforts through a network where CF acts as the "root of trust." This network would help prevent CF from becoming a bottleneck by endorsing partners with specific enterprise/government expertise.</td><td>CF &#x26; Working Group to continue defining the framework for the "Trusted Partner Network" to manage the pipeline and geographic load.</td></tr><tr><td>Certification &#x26; Professional Credibility</td><td>Alex Seregin and Gintama raised concerns about the need for professional credentials that carry weight with governments/employers for work permits or official business development roles.</td><td>Nadia to follow up on the launch of the Ambassador Program Masterclass and certification vouchers. Sandro offered to have CF staff join calls to provide "flesh and blood" credibility for institutional leads.</td></tr><tr><td>Business Development Framework</td><td>Yoram Ben-Zvi suggested shifting focus from technical tools to business tools. This includes creating a framework for BD networks, lead generation platforms, and industry-specific playbooks to capitalize on growing blockchain interest.</td><td>Yoram to share information on sociocracy/decentralized innovation networks (Andamio/Odin) with Samuel as potential inspiration for business frameworks.</td></tr><tr><td>Developer Retention (India Hackathon)</td><td>Gintama noted that while the recent India hackathon had 400+ attendees, there was a lack of on-site incentives (like QR code NFTs) to encourage wallet downloads and long-term retention of developers.</td><td>Nadia to connect Gintama directly with the Marketing team (Bora/Inis) to discuss developer retention strategies and incentive implementation for future events.</td></tr><tr><td>Ecosystem Mapping Tool</td><td>Phil highlighted the need for a tool on Cardano.org that categorizes resources, partners, and business tools to make them easily discoverable for enterprises.</td><td>All Members to review the requirements and filter/category documents in the Discord channel and provide feedback for the 2026 kick-off.</td></tr><tr><td>Holiday Schedule</td><td>Discussion on the upcoming meeting scheduled for December 30th.</td><td>Phil to coordinate with Simo to cancel the December 30th meeting. The next call will be January 13, 2026.</td></tr></tbody></table>
