# Meeting Minutes 05/14/2025

## Attendees:&#x20;

| Name                     | Attendance | Role                        | Voting Seat (Y/N) | Election Cycle |
| ------------------------ | ---------- | --------------------------- | ----------------- | -------------- |
| TBD                      | No         | Chair                       | Y                 | <p><br></p>    |
| Terence ‘Tex’ McCutcheon | Yes        | Interim Secretary           | N                 | N/A            |
| Jack Briggs              | No         | Secretary                   | N                 | N/A            |
| TBD                      | No         | Vice Chair                  | Y                 | <p><br></p>    |
| Laura M.                 | Yes        | Member - Cardano Foundation | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Nathan A.                | Yes        | Member - EMURGO             | Y                 | October 2025   |
| Tim H.                   | Yes        | Member - IOG                | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Wes P.                   | No         | Member - Rare Network       | Y                 | October 2025   |
| Mubarak O.               | Yes        | Member                      | Y                 | October 2025   |
| Anuj C.                  | Yes        | Member                      | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Andy H.                  | No         | Member                      | N                 | April 2026     |
| Hasitha R.               | No         | Member                      | N                 | April 2026     |
| TBD                      | No         | SME                         | N                 | N/A            |
| TBD                      | No         | SME                         | N                 | N/A            |
| TBD                      | No         | SME                         | N                 | N/A            |

Other Guests:&#x20;

* Adalink (Natalia)
* Elizabeth Morrison
* Gintama
* Gnobudy John
* Martin Marinov

## Intros/COI

**Andy:** TBD\
**Anuj:** TBD\
**Hasitha:** TBD\
**Laura:** Laura Mattiucci, Director Marketing and Comms at CF\
**Mubarak:** AKA Kit Willow: Voting member of the Growth and Marketing Committee.\
Community member\
**Nate:** Nate Acton, VP of Global Marketing at EMURGO\
**Tim:** Tim Harrison, EVP Community & Ecosystem, Input | Output\
**Tex:** Open Source Program Manager (Intersect), OSC Secretary, Committee Liaison\
**Wes:** TBD

## Agenda 5.14.25

* &#x20;Open Forum

## Decisions/Actions

* No decisions, first meeting with Newly Elected Members. &#x20;

| Topic                                       | Discussion                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            | Action Items                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
| ------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Welcome and Introductions                   | Attendees joined, including new and returning members. Elizabeth Morrison is sitting in for JB from Scribe. Gnobudy John joined while traveling. Anuj Chaudhary introduced himself.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | None                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
| Committee Composition and Structure         | Discussion on the current state of the committee, noting it is bootstrapped and requires voting for Chair and Vice-Chair. The goal is to fill roles by October. Quorum is not yet met. Confirmed returning members Tim Harrison IO and Laura, along with new members Andy Hung and Aita Raymonds, bringing the core committee to eight.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               | Vote for Chair and Vice-Chair when quorum is met.                                                                                                                                                                                                            |
| Meeting Schedule and Time Adjustment        | Acknowledged the early time for some members (Terence McCutcheon in Texas) and the time difference for APAC members (Anuj in New Delhi). Suggestion to shift the meeting time earlier to better accommodate Asia-Pacific participants. Current overlaps with other community activities were noted.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | Explore options for adjusting the weekly meeting time to accommodate APAC members.                                                                                                                                                                           |
| Transition from Bootstrap Committee         | Expectation of some drop-off from previous contributors by the end of May, with the core eight members forming the primary committee starting in June. Discussion around the future involvement of Scribe and other community members as subject matter experts or in open meetings. Goal is to move towards open meetings where the Chair would recognize participants.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | Decide on the ongoing role and frequency of attendance for Scribe and community Subject Matter Experts. Plan transition to open meetings format.                                                                                                             |
| Meeting Frequency                           | Confirmed the reduction to one scheduled committee meeting per week. Mention of a potential additional onboarding session for new members. Primary internal communication is expected to be via Discord.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | Ensure all committee members have access to the Discord channel. Schedule a separate onboarding session if needed.                                                                                                                                           |
| Onboarding and Access to Resources          | Terence McCutcheon confirmed sending welcome emails and sharing access to the shared drive/folder. Checked on Anuj's receipt of the onboarding material and drive access. Introduced ClickUp as a project management platform for managing agenda items and tasks.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | Verify all voting members have received and can access the shared drive link and ClickUp task for agenda items.                                                                                                                                              |
| Future Meeting Attendance & SMEs            | Discussion on the number of Subject Matter Experts (SMEs) attending meetings, with a suggestion of no more than half the standing committee members (maximum four). Idea of rotating SME attendance to ensure a broad spread of input. Value of input from various individuals was acknowledged.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      | Committee members to consider and potentially ratify the number and rotation of SMEs in future meetings.                                                                                                                                                     |
| Relaunching the Marketing Strategy/Budget   | Tim Harrison IO discussed the challenges with the previous marketing budget proposal process, noting it was tactical and lacked a robust go-to-market plan. Proposed a formal process to identify growth barriers and develop a comprehensive ecosystem growth plan. Suggested crowdsourcing research from marketing opinion leaders, projects, and experts. Mentioned utilizing existing data (ADLink project, previous research). John echoed concerns about the presentation of the previous proposal in the voting tool. Terence acknowledged past process issues and anticipates a clearer process for future full-year budgets. | Formally propose a process for developing a comprehensive ecosystem growth plan and identifying barriers to growth. Share a document outlining the crowdsourced research proposal with the committee for review.                                             |
| Anuj Chaudhary's Introduction and Focus     | Anuj introduced his background in financial journalism and crypto, particularly focusing on Cardano in India and the APAC region. His work involves onboarding developers, projects, and leveraging his experience with exchanges and events. He highlighted the focus on educational initiatives, workshops, events, and onboarding paid associates. Specific upcoming events mentioned include a tour across India, Blockchain India Week with a Cardano summit/hackathon, and an event in Hyderabad.                                                                                                                               | Integrate Anuj's planned events into a wider events calendar.                                                                                                                                                                                                |
| Events Calendar and Visibility              | Suggestion to build a wider events calendar including events in the APAC region and elsewhere (e.g., Berlin Blockchain Week, Consensus). This calendar could feed the Twitter channel and be included in the weekly Intersect newsletter. Anuj offered to contribute APAC event information.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          | Build and maintain a wider Cardano events calendar. Utilize the calendar to share updates via the Twitter channel and Intersect newsletter.                                                                                                                  |
| Chair Determination                         | Noted that the Chair position is still to be determined as quorum has not yet been met and onboarding is ongoing. Expectation for this to be decided in the next week or two.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         | Decide on the process and timeline for electing the Chair and Vice-Chair.                                                                                                                                                                                    |
| YouTube Channel Discussion                  | Terence McCutcheon raised the possibility of a Growth and Marketing Committee-specific YouTube channel for public recordings of meetings and potentially other content. Discussed how this would fit with the main Intersect channel. Initial thoughts were to find the committee's footing and objectives before launching a public channel. Ideas for content included transparency of meetings, educational content, podcasts, and interviews with projects.                                                                                                                                                                       | Committee members to consider the objectives and potential content for a YouTube channel. Revisit the discussion in a couple of months. Investigate content management and approval process for the main Intersect channel if wider broadcasting is desired. |
| Agenda Setting Process                      | Suggested a process for committee members to submit topics for the agenda by Monday evening UK time using the shared ClickUp task. This would allow the Chair to build the agenda while maintaining flexibility.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      | Committee members to submit potential agenda items via the designated ClickUp task by Monday evening UK time.                                                                                                                                                |
| Martin Marinov's Farewell                   | Martin Marinov, a bootstrap committee member not continuing as a voting member, offered thanks and well wishes to the new and returning members. Expressed interest in potentially participating in future meetings if time allows.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | Acknowledge Martin's contributions and welcome his potential future participation.                                                                                                                                                                           |
| Utilizing Working Group Documents & Charter | Anuj asked about the use of existing working group documents. Terence explained they are available in the shared drive for reference but are not explicitly used unless agreed upon by the voting members. Emphasized the importance of the current charter posted on the gbook page as the primary guiding document. The charter was developed based on working group documents and bootstrap committee input.                                                                                                                                                                                                                       | Committee members to familiarize themselves with the current committee charter. Review working group documents as background reference. Provide feedback on the charter if needed.                                                                           |
| Potential Workshop at Rare                  | Nathaniel Acton shared a message from Wes about a potential GMC workshop at the Rare event. Feasibility depends on Intersect's budget and committee members' attendance. Kit Willow asked about sponsorship for committee members. Discussed exploring feasibility and potential for remote participation.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            | Nathaniel Acton to follow up with Wes regarding the feasibility of a workshop at Rare and potential remote participation options. Investigate potential sponsorship provisions once the GMC budget is approved.                                              |
