# Meeting Minutes 04/02/2025

## Attendees:&#x20;

| Name                     | Attendance | Role                        | Voting Seat (Y/N) |
| ------------------------ | ---------- | --------------------------- | ----------------- |
| Simon F.                 | Yes        | Interim Chair               | Y                 |
| Terence ‘Tex’ McCutcheon | Yes        | Interim Secretary           | N                 |
| Jack Briggs              | No         | Secretary                   | N                 |
| Laura M.                 | Yes        | Member - Cardano Foundation | Y                 |
| Nathan A.                | Yes        | Member - EMURGO             | Y                 |
| Wes P.                   | Yes        | Member - Rare Network       | Y                 |
| Martin M.                | Yes        | Member                      | Y                 |
| Vaibhav (Gintama)        | Yes        | Member                      | Y                 |
| Mubarak O.               | Yes        | Member                      | Y                 |
| Tim H.                   | No         | Member                      | Y                 |
| Rand M.                  | No         | SME - Rare Network          | N                 |
| Natalia                  | Yes        | SME                         | N                 |
| John G.                  | Yes        | SME                         | N                 |
| Juan S.                  | Yes        | SME                         | N                 |
| Jose I.                  | Yes        | SME - ADA Solar             | N                 |
| JB                       | Yes        | SM - Scrib3                 | N                 |

Other Guests:&#x20;

* Thiago Nunes

## Intros/COI

**Simon:** Simon 'Seomon' Fleck: Interim GMC Chair, Cardano After Dark co-founder, ODIN member\
**Laura:** Laura Mattiucci, Director Marketing and Comms at CF\
**Nate:** Nate Acton, VP of Global Marketing at EMURGO\
**Wes:** TBD\
**Martin:** TBD\
**Vaibhav:** Voting member of bootstrap growth and marketing committee. Voluntary Part of Various Working groups in intersect.\
**Mubarak**: AKA Kit Willow: Voting member of the Growth and Marketing Committee. Community member\
**Tim:** Tim Harrison, EVP Community & Ecosystem, Input | Output\
**Rand:** TBD\
**Natalia:** ADALINK, Interim GMC Non-Voting Member, CEO of AdaLink \
**John:** TBD\
**Juan:** TBD\
**Jose:** TBD\
**Jack:** TBD\
**Tex:** Open Source Program Manager (Intersect), OSC Secretary, Committee Liaison

## Agenda 4.02.25

* Agenda (2m)
* Announcements (5m)
* GMC, CMWG, Marketing Strategy WG calls times and days (5m)
* Budget
* Wachsman meeting (5)
* What is our supplier approach/deciding vendors (5m)
* 12 Drep calls of 2,5h (7m)
* proposals uploaded (5m)
* Open Forum

## Decisions/Actions

* **GMC Meeting Host Assistance:** Martin Marinov volunteered to help host the bi-weekly Friday GMC meetings.
* **Formalizing Budget Approach:** The committee agreed to draft a detailed outline of the proposed budget submission and adjustment process and then vote on it in Discord rather than during the meeting.
* **Action on Visual Representation:** Gintama agreed to create a flowchart or block diagram illustrating the budget and proposal process and share it with the committee.

| Topic                                                    | Discussion                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             | Action Items                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
| -------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Agenda Review                                            | The initial agenda included Seomon register time allocation, proposals upload review, and open forum. Laura Mattiucci suggested adding the budget and text (clarification on budget submission).                                                                                                                                                                                                       | Update the agenda to include "Budget Discussion" as a specific item.                                                                                                                                                  |
| Announcements - Marketing Strategy Working Group Meeting | The Marketing Strategy Working Group meeting time is yet to be determined by Tim. It was suggested to postpone it until next week.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     | Postpone the Marketing Strategy Working Group meeting until the following week, pending confirmation from Tim.                                                                                                        |
| Announcements - GMC Meeting Time                         | The GMC meeting is currently scheduled for Fridays 15:00-16:00 UTC. Seomon register proposed moving it one hour earlier to 14:00 UTC, which Laura Mattiucci supported. The frequency is Wednesdays and Fridays every two weeks, with the other Fridays being community-based.                                                                                                                          | Change the GMC meeting time to Fridays 14:00-15:00 UTC. Confirm the bi-weekly schedule with community-based sessions on alternating Fridays. Update the calendar accordingly.                                         |
| GMC Meeting Host Assistance                              | Seomon register requested assistance in hosting the bi-weekly Friday GMC meetings due to personal commitments.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         | Martin Marinov volunteered to help host the Friday GMC meetings. Coordinate hosting schedule between Seomon register and Martin Marinov.                                                                              |
| Calendar Invitations                                     | Laura Mattiucci inquired about calendar invitations for the meetings. Seomon register confirmed invitations should be sent and will double-check the guest list. This week has 21 guests, next week only five.                                                                                                                                                                                         | Ensure all active members and interested parties are on the calendar invite list for both weekly GMC meetings. Investigate the discrepancy in guest numbers between the two weeks.                                    |
| Combining Public and Committee Meetings Post-Election    | Gintama explained that after the elections in May, the Wednesday and Friday meetings will likely merge into one public meeting per week, consistent with other committees. The current two-meeting structure is due to the bootstrap phase.                                                                                                                                                            | Note that the meeting structure may change after the elections in May to a single weekly public meeting.                                                                                                              |
| Cardano Marketing Working Group (CMWG) Status            | Gintama raised concerns about the CMWG, stating it lacks a defined remit, charter, purpose, and deliverables according to Intersect rules, making its status as a proper working group questionable.                                                                                                                                                                                                   | Review the Intersect charter and rules regarding working groups. Discuss the future and structure of the CMWG in a future meeting.                                                                                    |
| Budget Submission Process Clarification                  | Terence McCutcheon addressed questions about the budget submission process to the Intersect web form. He clarified that the budget can be submitted as a whole or by line item. He suggested submitting the entire budget initially and then adjusting based on DRep feedback and individual proposals.                                                                                                | Prepare the complete GMC budget for submission to the Intersect web form.                                                                                                                                             |
| Alignment of Community Proposals with GMC Budget         | AdaLink inquired about the possibility of soliciting proposals from the community within the GMC's budget categories before submitting the budget. Terence McCutcheon explained that due to the current timeline, this is not feasible. Community members can submit proposals directly to Intersect.                                                                                                  | Monitor proposals submitted to Intersect that align with the GMC's budget categories.                                                                                                                                 |
| DRep Review and Impact on GMC Budget                     | Wes Parkinson and Seomon register sought clarity on how DRep approval of individual proposals would affect the GMC's overall budget and work streams. Terence McCutcheon explained that if DREPs favor specific proposals aligned with GMC work streams, the GMC can choose to support those proposals and adjust their budget accordingly. This is a form of competition and community collaboration. | Develop a strategy for reviewing DRep feedback on proposals and determining how to integrate successful proposals into the GMC's budget and work streams.                                                             |
| Intersect Form Submission Details                        | Laura Mattiucci and JB discussed the details of submitting proposals through the Intersect web form, including aligning with committees and potentially linking wallets for file uploads.                                                                                                                                                                                                              | Ensure all committee members are aware of the technical requirements for submitting proposals through the Intersect web form, including wallet linking.                                                               |
| Confusion Regarding Budget and Proposal Process          | Wes Parkinson expressed significant confusion regarding the overall budget and proposal submission process and the GMC's role within it. He requested written clarification.                                                                                                                                                                                                                           | Draft a concise written explanation of the budget and proposal process, specifically outlining the GMC's role and how community proposals interact with the GMC's budget. Share this with the committee.              |
| GMC Endorsement of Proposals                             | Thiago Nunes inquired about how the GMC can indicate its review or endorsement of proposals on the Intersect tool. Terence McCutcheon stated that secretaries will create committee wallets, and comments can be left on reviewed proposals. This functionality is still being developed.                                                                                                              | Secretaries (Terence McCutcheon and potentially others) to create a process for reviewing and commenting on proposals aligned with the GMC's mandate on the Intersect platform.                                       |
| Budget Adjustment Based on Community Proposals           | Gintama explained Lloyd's guidance that if community proposals align with GMC budget line items and request Intersect or GMC as administrator, the GMC should adjust its budget to accommodate those proposals, avoiding direct competition.                                                                                                                                                           | Develop a process for identifying community proposals that align with the GMC budget and request GMC/Intersect administration. Determine how to adjust the GMC budget accordingly after the DRep review period.       |
| Visual Representation of the Process                     | Martin Marinov requested a visual representation (flowchart or block diagram) of the budget and proposal process outlined by Gintama.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  | Gintama to create a flowchart or block diagram illustrating the budget and proposal process, including the interaction between community proposals, DRep feedback, and the GMC budget. Share this with the committee. |
| Formalizing the Proposed Course of Action                | Seomon register proposed formalizing the approach of submitting one budget proposal outlining the GMC's envisioned process and then adjusting based on DRep-approved community proposals. AdaLink suggested outlining this in writing and voting on it in Discord.                                                                                                                                     | Draft a detailed outline of the proposed budget submission and adjustment process. Share this document on Discord for committee review and voting.                                                                    |
| Intersect Proposal Form Feedback                         | Wes Parkinson suggested providing feedback to Intersect about adding a work stream dropdown to the proposal submission form to improve categorization and alignment.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | Include Wes Parkinson's suggestion about a work stream dropdown in the feedback to Intersect regarding the proposal submission form.                                                                                  |
| Community Awareness of GMC Work Streams                  | Wes Parkinson highlighted the challenge of community members aligning proposals with GMC work streams if those work streams are not widely known or easily accessible. He suggested amplifying the work streams.                                                                                                                                                                                       | Develop a plan to better publicize the GMC's work streams to the wider community. Consider using the Gitbook and other communication channels.                                                                        |
