---
hidden: true
---

# Meeting Minutes 11/04/2025

## Attendees:&#x20;

<table data-header-hidden><thead><tr><th width="220.4583740234375"></th><th align="center"></th><th width="128.001708984375"></th><th align="center"></th><th></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Name</td><td align="center">Attendance</td><td>Role</td><td align="center">Voting Seat (Y/N)</td><td>Election Cycle</td></tr><tr><td>Wes Parkinson</td><td align="center">No</td><td>Chair</td><td align="center">Y</td><td>October 2025</td></tr><tr><td>Terence ‘Tex’ McCutcheon</td><td align="center">Yes</td><td>Secretary</td><td align="center">N</td><td>N/A</td></tr><tr><td>Tim Harrison</td><td align="center">No</td><td>Vice Chair</td><td align="center">Y</td><td>April 2026</td></tr><tr><td>Laura Mattiucci </td><td align="center">Yes</td><td>Member</td><td align="center">Y</td><td>April 2026</td></tr><tr><td>Nathan Acton</td><td align="center">No</td><td>Member </td><td align="center">Y</td><td>October 2025</td></tr><tr><td>Mubarak Oladimeji</td><td align="center">No</td><td>Member</td><td align="center">Y</td><td>October 2025</td></tr><tr><td>Anuj Chaudhary </td><td align="center">Yes</td><td>Member</td><td align="center">Y</td><td>April 2026</td></tr><tr><td>Andy Hung</td><td align="center">No</td><td>Member</td><td align="center">N</td><td>April 2026</td></tr><tr><td>Hasitha Raymond</td><td align="center">Yes</td><td>Member</td><td align="center">N</td><td>April 2026</td></tr><tr><td>TBD</td><td align="center">No</td><td>SME</td><td align="center">N</td><td>N/A</td></tr></tbody></table>

Other Guests:&#x20;

* Fred Tanaka
* Lara Bonasorte
* Tim Richmond

&#x20;

**Recording:** [Growth & Marketing Committee - 2025/11/04 - Recording](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Il5xxkIVuOefRbxDDAXU7Z91soZOT9ej/view?usp=sharing)

**Transcript:** [Growth & Marketing Committee - 2025/11/04 - Transcript](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1oq7wx891IksWQVV03SB-19v49ia_UXGYDGgtST4zrRg/edit?usp=sharing)

**Chat Transcript:** [Growth & Marketing Committee - 2025/11/04 - Chat](https://drive.google.com/file/d/10ASBpg4SCaF4P2moKNHs1RzmAvuPa0r3/view?usp=sharing)

## Intros/COI

**Andy:** Pacific Meta\
**Anuj:** Yoroi Wallet & EMURGO India Lead\
**Hasitha:** Elected Member(GMC), Intersect / Cardano Ecosystem Contributor since 2020\
**Laura:** Director Marketing and Comms at CF\
**Mubarak:** AKA Kit Willow: Voting member of the GMC, Community member\
**Nate**: VP of Global Marketing at EMURGO\
**Tim:** EVP Community & Ecosystem, Input | Output\
**Tex:** Open Source Program Manager (Intersect), OSC/MCC Secretary, Committee Liaison\
**Wes:** Rare Network

## Agenda 11.04.25

* &#x20;Open Forum

## Decisions/Actions

Decisions

* **New Secretary Appointment:** Lara will officially step in as the Secretary for the Growth and Marketing Committee, taking over from Terence. (Lara Bonasorte is in the process of transition).

Actions

* **Terence:** Follow up to get a confirmed release date for the blog post from Intersect (hoping for tomorrow).
* **Terence:** Share the summit presentation deck with Laura in a sharable format/shared drive.
* **Laura:** Shorten the summit deck to 2-3 slides for a working session.
* **Terence:** Schedule and host a weekly sync session (on the week after next Monday at 5 UTC) with Laura, Bora, and Tommy to discuss the developer user journey and streamline resources.
* **Anuj:** Amplify the article from CoinDesk Japan on social media.
* **Fred:** Share the CoinDesk Japan article with the group (already done during the call, but it was an initial action item).
* **Laura**: Follow up with Anuj and the team on the best channels to retain new developers after the hackathons.

| Topic                              | Discussion                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      | Notes                                                                                                                                         |
| ---------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| India Blockchain Week              | Anuj mentioned the event and asked Hasitha about attending. Hasitha confirmed he would not be able to attend due to work changes and being busy.                                                                                                                | Anuj confirmed Kavinda is attending.                                                                                                          |
| Growth and Marketing Elections     | Hasitha noted that Reshan and Wes have applied for Growth and Marketing, meaning Wes needs to be re-elected as his tenure is over.                                                                                                                              | Wes was elected last October.                                                                                                                 |
| Roadmap Updates                    | Hasitha asked for roadmap updates. Laura and Terence indicated they had not synced recently.                                                                                                                                                                    | <p><br></p>                                                                                                                                   |
| Intersect Blog Post                | Laura asked about the Intersect blog post release date. Terence requested confirmation, hoping for a release tomorrow.                                                                                                                                          | Terence has requested confirmation of the release date.                                                                                       |
| Summit Planning & Roadmap          | Laura outlined the plan: announce the survey, discuss for one hour at the summit, then move to planning and the roadmap before the budget section next year (Jan/Feb).                                                                                          | Laura to see the final deck; Budget period starts Jan/Feb.                                                                                    |
| Summit Presentation Deck           | Laura requested the final summit deck from Terence, aiming to shorten it to 2-3 slides for a working session. Terence has a copy but needs it in a shareable format/shared drive.                                                                               | Full slides still beneficial for the blog post. Laura has a meeting with Nate and Jack tomorrow.                                              |
| Developer User Journey             | Laura asked Terence about the user journey and retention for new developers, especially after the hackathon. The current flow is unclear.                                                                                                                       | Need to discuss with Terence, Bora, and all affiliate developer advocates.                                                                    |
| Hackathon Follow-up                | The hackathon education piece started yesterday, concluding at the summit. Laura needs clear channels (IOG or Intersect) to retain participants.                                                                                                                | Anuj suggested two funnels: onboarding on Intersect while hacking and capturing data for newsletter subscriptions (Cardano forum, Intersect). |
| Developer Resources/Channels       | Terence mentioned the developer advocate program and the new developer site (shared link) which focuses on the developer experience/roadmap. Developers must join Intersect Discord first, then find the developer experience channel.                          | Laura found the Discord channels numerous and sought the best place to guide new developers. Anuj suggested Intersect as the main channel.    |
| Developer Experience Repository    | Terence described the developer experience work: creating a "developer playground" repository, transitioning advocates from contributors to maintainers.                                                                                                        | Laura suggested a joint meeting with Terence, Bora, and Tommy to streamline efforts.                                                          |
| Weekly Sync for Developer Advocacy | Terence confirmed he can bring Laura, Bora, and Tommy into his weekly Monday 5 UTC sync session with advocates.                                                                                                                                                 | Next week's Monday 5 UTC does not work for Laura, but the week after is fine.                                                                 |
| GMC Survey Deck                    | Laura asked Tim (Richmond) for the latest GMC survey deck. Tim Harrison would have the source copy.                                                                                                                                                             | <p><br></p>                                                                                                                                   |
| Summit Attendance                  | Tim Richmond is unable to attend the summit due to visa/Schengen days issues.                                                                                                                                                                                   | <p><br></p>                                                                                                                                   |
| New Secretary Appointment          | Terence officially announced that Laura will step in as the new Secretary for the Growth and Marketing Committee, taking over his role to focus on open source. Lara (Bonasorte) confirmed she is attending meetings to transition but a start date is pending. | Welcome to Lara from Anuj.                                                                                                                    |
| CoinDesk Japan Article             | Fred shared an article from CoinDesk Japan featuring an interview with Charles, promoting the Japanese community and Cardano awareness. He asked for sharing on social media.                                                                                   | Terence shared the link in the meeting and the GMC Discord channel. Anuj confirmed they will amplify the tweet.                               |
