# Meeting Minutes 08/19/2025

## Attendees:&#x20;

| Name                     | Attendance | Role                        | Voting Seat (Y/N) | Election Cycle |
| ------------------------ | ---------- | --------------------------- | ----------------- | -------------- |
| Wes P.                   | Yes        | Chair                       | Y                 | October 2025   |
| Terence ‘Tex’ McCutcheon | Yes        | Secretary                   | N                 | N/A            |
| Tim H.                   | No         | Vice Chair                  | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Laura M.                 | Yes        | Member - Cardano Foundation | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Nathan A.                | No         | Member - EMURGO             | Y                 | October 2025   |
| Mubarak O.               | Yes        | Member                      | Y                 | October 2025   |
| Anuj C.                  | Yes        | Member                      | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Andy H.                  | No         | Member                      | N                 | April 2026     |
| Hasitha R.               | Yes        | Member                      | N                 | April 2026     |
| TBD                      | No         | SME                         | N                 | N/A            |

Other Guests:&#x20;

* Elizabeth Dickerson
* Gintama
* John G.
* Minh Bui
* Nadia Mannell
* Sebastian Pabon

&#x20;

**Recording:** [Growth & Marketing Committee - 2025/08/19 - Recording](https://drive.google.com/file/d/17EAuyIWfVZ1aYHBBe8vg5pYUf7rIusSZ/view?usp=sharing)

**Transcript:** [Growth & Marketing Committee - 2025/08/19 06:56 CDT - Transcript](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1gmJC8-6os8pU40Se8j7ousIj4rgyvHQh-9daRlcxuR0/edit?usp=sharing)

**Chat Transcript:** [Growth & Marketing Committee - 2025/08/19 - Chat](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1TBBVqw7QSzxiusgVR2hcUO-QHIX5ri2F/view?usp=sharing)

## Intros/COI

**Andy:** Pacific Meta\
**Anuj:** Yoroi Wallet & EMURGO India Lead\
**Hasitha:** Elected Member(GMC), Intersect / Cardano Ecosystem Contributor since 2020\
**Laura:** Director Marketing and Comms at CF\
**Mubarak:** AKA Kit Willow: Voting member of the GMC, Community member\
**Nate:** VP of Global Marketing at EMURGO\
**Tim:** EVP Community & Ecosystem, Input | Output\
**Tex:** Open Source Program Manager (Intersect), OSC/MCC Secretary, Committee Liaison\
**Wes:** Rare Network

## Agenda 8.19.25

* &#x20;Open Forum

## Decisions/Actions

**Decisions**

* **Meeting Cadence:** The group decided to adopt a bi-weekly meeting schedule to provide more time for async work and improve attendance.
* **Summit Meeting:** They decided to move the November 11th meeting to one week earlier to avoid conflicting with the summit.
* **Social Media Strategy:** The committee decided on a new social media strategy with assigned weekly responsibilities to ensure consistent engagement.

**Actions**

* **Create Q4 Roadmap:** Laura and Wes will begin working on a Q4 visual roadmap for the committee.
* **Post on Social Media:** Wes will post content for the first week, Anuj for the second, and Laura for the first week of September as part of the new social media strategy.
* **Use Discord:** Observers were instructed to use the Discord channel to submit notes or questions during the meeting.
* **Schedule Meetings:** Terence will schedule additional meetings as needed.
* **Coordinate in Berlin:** Laura will find a place for the committee to meet in Berlin during the summit.

| Topic                           | Discussion                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     | Notes                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |
| ------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Singapore Event                 | Wes mentioned that the Singapore event should be signed off on soon, and there will be a booth with various startups present. He emphasized the need to sync up with Anuj, who mentioned that SNK energy drinks would be at the booth.                                                                                                                         | It was clarified that energy drinks are not allowed in the expo hall, but they can be used for side events. The venue, Vue, was praised as a great location.                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |
| Surveys and Community Feedback  | Wes discussed the survey, noting good feedback on the marketing survey in particular. Terence reported that they currently have 70 responses, but more than half of the 350 people who opened the survey did not complete it. He highlighted the significant drop-off rate from the first page.                                                                | It was suggested that they could consider incentivizing people to complete the survey. The committee also needs to determine its primary focus for the rest of the year, including budget and promotion.                                                                                                                                                                           |
| Cardano Summit Proposal         | Laura addressed community concerns about the summit. She explained the two proposals, both for 6 million, with one covering the summit and regional events. She clarified that the funds are a collaborative effort with Ada Solar and other partners. The Berlin summit is budgeted at 1.4 million USD.                                                       | Laura detailed the rationale for the ticket price: it is a standard industry practice, it helps fund the next summit, and it attracts enterprises. The price, $3.99, is based on the average basket from the previous year, with no separate VIP ticket this time. Early bird and group tickets are available, and ADA payments are supported with ambassador and other discounts. |
| Community Tone on Social Media  | Laura expressed her disappointment with the negative tone on X, stating that it is not positive for the community. Wes agreed, acknowledging that many people comment without reading the full proposal. Nadia and Laura both commented on the negative impact the online discussions have on attracting enterprise partners, leading to missed opportunities. | Wes suggested that the narrative for the summit should focus on it being a hybrid event that attracts enterprises. He advised that those who want to advocate for the proposal on X should do so professionally and avoid fighting fire with fire.                                                                                                                                 |
| Discord Communication           | Terence mentioned that he is still working on the meeting setup and asked people to use the Discord channel for the growth and marketing committee to provide input during meetings.                                                                                                                                                                           | The Discord channel will serve as a chat function for attendees to share notes or questions.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |
| GMC Work Plan & Budgeting       | Wes brought up the timeline for budgeting, suggesting that they should have a plan by the end of October. Terence noted that the budget committee is still in a reconciliation phase and has not given direction yet.                                                                                                                                          | Terence proposed that the GMC focus on creating baseline documentation and event recommendations to set the stage for future proposals.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |
| Social Media Strategy           | Wes proposed a consistent social media plan where each member is responsible for one tweet per week to promote events and maintain engagement. Anuj agreed, offering to share content from events he attends, such as EthGlobal.                                                                                                                               | It was agreed that the posts should be a mix of text and engaging visuals. Anuj and Wes took on the first two weeks, and Laura volunteered for the week after. It was suggested that approvals for these predefined tweets could be a little looser to avoid stalling.                                                                                                             |
| Switching to Bi-Weekly Meetings | Terence suggested moving to a bi-weekly meeting cadence to free up time for members to work on tasks asynchronously. Laura and Wes agreed that this would be more feasible and allow for more focused, breakout sessions.                                                                                                                                      | This change would allow for better attendance and more productive work. Laura suggested creating a roadmap for the rest of the year, which Wes agreed to start with her.                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| Q4 Roadmap                      | Laura proposed creating a visual, quarterly roadmap to lay out their plans and align with other committees, such as product. She wants to ensure they have a clear idea of where they are heading before proposals are submitted.                                                                                                                              | Wes and Laura agreed to start creating a foundational timeline for Q4, with a goal of having a draft ready for the next meeting in mid-September.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
| Event Overview                  | Wes provided a rundown of upcoming events, including Token 2049, Tech for Impact, and the North American Blockchain Summit (NABS). He noted that the team would have a strong presence at NABS, with a sponsored booth and a mainstage speech.                                                                                                                 | He mentioned that February would be a busy month for events, showing a commitment to increasing community participation and content generation.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
| Meeting Logistics               | Terence proactively moved the November 11th meeting to a week earlier to avoid the week of the summit. This was met with approval. It was also noted that if members are attending the Berlin summit, they should plan to meet in person to continue the work started.                                                                                         | The quorum for the meeting was set, and the meeting concluded with a positive outlook on future work.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |
