# Meeting Minutes 04/30/2025

## Attendees:&#x20;

| Name                     | Attendance | Role                        | Voting Seat (Y/N) |
| ------------------------ | ---------- | --------------------------- | ----------------- |
| Simon F.                 | Yes        | Interim Chair               | Y                 |
| Terence ‘Tex’ McCutcheon | Yes        | Interim Secretary           | N                 |
| Jack Briggs              | No         | Secretary                   | N                 |
| Laura M.                 | Yes        | Member - Cardano Foundation | Y                 |
| Nathan A.                | No         | Member - EMURGO             | Y                 |
| Wes P.                   | Yes        | Member - Rare Network       | Y                 |
| Martin M.                | Yes        | Member                      | Y                 |
| Vaibhav (Gintama)        | Yes        | Member                      | Y                 |
| Mubarak O.               | No         | Member                      | Y                 |
| Tim H.                   | No         | Member                      | Y                 |
| Rand M.                  | No         | SME - Rare Network          | N                 |
| Natalia                  | Yes        | SME                         | N                 |
| John G.                  | Yes        | SME                         | N                 |
| Juan S.                  | No         | SME                         | N                 |
| Jose I.                  | No         | SME - ADA Solar             | N                 |
| JB                       | Yes        | SME - Scrib3                | N                 |

Other Guests:&#x20;

* Thiago Nunes

## Intros/COI

**Simon:** Simon 'Seomon' Fleck: Interim GMC Chair, Cardano After Dark co-founder, ODIN member\
**Laura:** Laura Mattiucci, Director Marketing and Comms at CF\
**Nate:** Nate Acton, VP of Global Marketing at EMURGO\
**Wes:** TBD\
**Martin:** TBD\
**Vaibhav:** Voting member of bootstrap growth and marketing committee. Voluntary Part of Various Working groups in intersect.\
**Mubarak:** AKA Kit Willow: Voting member of the Growth and Marketing Committee. Community member\
**Tim:** Tim Harrison, EVP Community & Ecosystem, Input | Output\
**Rand:** TBD\
**Natalia:** ADALINK, Interim GMC Non-Voting Member, CEO of AdaLink \
**John:** TBD\
**Juan:** TBD\
**Jose:** TBD\
**Jack:** TBD\
**Tex:** Open Source Program Manager (Intersect), OSC Secretary, Committee Liaison

## Agenda 4.30.25

* Agenda setting
* announcements
* Connecting with DReps
* Socialising
* Onboarding members

## Decisions/Actions

* Prioritize socializing the budget, connecting with DREPs, and onboarding new committee members as the main agenda items.
* Explore hosting an X (Twitter) space to socialize the GMC budget.
* Aim to complete updates to the new member onboarding deck by the next meeting (Wednesday).
* Potentially use the Friday call slot for the X space if tomorrow (Thursday) doesn't work for enough people.
* Leave tomorrow's 4 p.m. and 6 p.m. UTC options for the space in the poll, along with Friday at 4 p.m. UTC.
* Go ahead with the space to review the condensed budget proposal and answer questions, inviting endorsed proposal owners.

| Topic                                 | Discussion                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | Action Items                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
| ------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Meeting Agenda Setting                | Participants joined the call and established the key topics for the meeting: socializing the budget, connecting with DREPs, and onboarding new committee members.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             | None specified.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
| Socializing the Budget                | Recognized socializing the budget as the biggest topic. Discussion around how to effectively communicate the budget details beyond individual posts. Need to figure out who is in contact with various DREPs.                                                                                                                                                                                                 | Plan to host a space to socialize the GMC budget and discuss its contents.                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| Connecting with DREPs                 | Discussed the importance of connecting with DREPs. Gnobudy John is in contact with Matthew Caps and Ben from the DREP forum and will receive a template for hosting a space. JB offered to sit in on meetings to help explain the budget. Laura Mattiucci to check on having a space with Cardano ambassadors.                                                                                                | Gnobudy John to share the template for hosting a space once received. JB to be available to assist in meetings about the budget. Laura Mattiucci to check with Cardano Foundation about a space with ambassadors.                                                    |
| Onboarding New Members                | Identified onboarding new committee members as a key task. A deck exists in the shared drive but needs updating. This can be an async task. Need to decide what information to include in the onboarding material.                                                                                                                                                                                            | Committee members to update the onboarding deck in the shared drive with relevant historical context and information about the budget proposal process. Agree to finish the slides by the next call (Wednesday). Terence McCutcheon to share the link to the slides. |
| CF and Voting Tools                   | Laura Mattiucci provided an update that CF is using a multisig to vote, which is not working on current gov tools. They are working on a fix for Sunday night. CF will vote yes on the budget and endorsed proposals.                                                                                                                                                                                         | None specified.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
| Discover Cardano Proposal             | Laura Mattiucci discussed her conversation with Dave regarding the Discover Cardano proposal. Agreed to allocate 150k for testing the booth concept if the budget passes. Dave's proposal will remain as is, but the marketing committee, Morgo, Rare Evo, and CF are willing to work together.                                                                                                               | None specified.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
| Hosting a Space                       | Discussion around the logistics of hosting a space to discuss the budget. Need to decide on a date and time. Terence McCutcheon offered to host from the GMC account for wider reach. Consideration of timing based on Gnobudy John's availability and the May 5th snapshot.                                                                                                                                  | Gnobudy John to share the space template. Discuss potential times for a space (tomorrow 4 PM, tomorrow 6 PM UTC, or Friday 4 PM UTC). Terence McCutcheon to create a poll for space timing. Terence McCutcheon to add Friday 4 PM UTC as an option in the poll.      |
| Answering DREP Questions              | Identified outstanding questions from DREPs on the gov tools (questions 10, 11, 12, and 17). Some answers were drafted but lacked agreement or were based on different theories. Question 11 and 17 were missing from the original sheet. The gov tool is still open for responses.                                                                                                                           | Review and agree on answers for questions 10, 11, 12, and 17 on the gov tool. Tag the DREP UDA and top DREPs on X posts with screenshots of replies from personal accounts.                                                                                          |
| Accessing Comments on Gov Tool        | JB and Laura Mattiucci experienced issues seeing comments on the gov tool.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | Terence McCutcheon to work on a solution or create a channel to align this process.                                                                                                                                                                                  |
| Utilizing X (Twitter) for Socializing | Suggested using personal Twitter accounts to post screenshots of replies to DREPs on gov tools and tagging DREPs to ensure they see the responses, as X is where much of the conversation is happening.                                                                                                                                                                                                       | Members to consider posting screenshots of gov tool replies on X and tagging relevant DREPs.                                                                                                                                                                         |
| Dave's Million Dollar Proposal        | Noticed Dave's endorsed proposal for pavilions is requesting $1 million, which exceeds the allocated event budget. Confusion around whether endorsed proposals are expected to align with the GMC budget.                                                                                                                                                                                                     | Clarify understanding of whether endorsed proposals must adhere to the GMC's allocated budget per category or if endorsement simply signifies committee support regardless of the requested amount.                                                                  |
| GMC Proposal Dependencies             | Discussion on whether the Summit proposal or other vendor proposals have dependencies on the GMC proposal passing. Wes Parkinson stated that their proposals (MGO NC) do not have dependencies on the GMC. Concern that association with GMC might have disadvantaged individual proposals.                                                                                                                   | None specified.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
| Strategy Given Budget Status          | Acknowledged the low positive voting percentage for the GMC budget. Discussed the possibility of dropping the GMC proposal to focus on getting key marketing initiatives (top five proposals) funded, with a fully elected committee presenting a developed budget in October. AdaLink suggested a strategic announcement around dropping the proposal to create urgency for funding other marketing efforts. | Consider the strategic option of formally dropping the GMC budget proposal and announcing it to draw attention to the need to fund other endorsed marketing proposals before the May 5th snapshot.                                                                   |
| Onboarding Deck Content               | Asked if there are specific guidelines or data expected by the board for the onboarding slides for new committee members.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     | Gintama to text the question about board guidelines for onboarding slide content.                                                                                                                                                                                    |
