# Meeting Minutes 06/04/2025

{% hint style="info" %}
Only Notes by Gemini were captured for this meeting.&#x20;
{% endhint %}

## Attendees:&#x20;

| Name                     | Attendance | Role                        | Voting Seat (Y/N) | Election Cycle |
| ------------------------ | ---------- | --------------------------- | ----------------- | -------------- |
| TBD                      | No         | Chair                       | Y                 | <p><br></p>    |
| Terence ‘Tex’ McCutcheon | Yes        | Secretary                   | N                 | N/A            |
| TBD                      | No         | Vice Chair                  | Y                 | <p><br></p>    |
| Laura M.                 | No         | Member - Cardano Foundation | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Nathan A.                | Yes        | Member - EMURGO             | Y                 | October 2025   |
| Tim H.                   | Yes        | Member - IOG                | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Wes P.                   | Yes        | Member - Rare Network       | Y                 | October 2025   |
| Mubarak O.               | Yes        | Member                      | Y                 | October 2025   |
| Anuj C.                  | Yes        | Member                      | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Andy H.                  | Yes        | Member                      | N                 | April 2026     |
| Hasitha R.               | Yes        | Member                      | N                 | April 2026     |
| TBD                      | No         | SME                         | N                 | N/A            |
| TBD                      | No         | SME                         | N                 | N/A            |
| TBD                      | No         | SME                         | N                 | N/A            |

Other Guests:&#x20;

* Adalink (Natalia)
* Gintama
* Gnobudy John
* JB
* Rand McHenry
* Simon Fleck
* Thiago Nunes

## Intros/COI

**Andy:** TBD\
**Anuj:** TBD\
**Hasitha:** TBD\
**Laura:** Laura Mattiucci, Director Marketing and Comms at CF\
**Mubarak:** AKA Kit Willow: Voting member of the Growth and Marketing Committee.\
Community member\
**Nate:** Nate Acton, VP of Global Marketing at EMURGO\
**Tim:** Tim Harrison, EVP Community & Ecosystem, Input | Output\
**Tex:** Open Source Program Manager (Intersect), OSC Secretary, Committee Liaison\
**Wes:** TBD

## Agenda 6.04.25

* &#x20;Open Forum

## Decisions/Actions

* **Handover Period for Prior Committee Members:** It was decided that prior committee members are asked to continue attending for a handover period, with the official changeover around June 19th.
* **Chair and Co-Chair:** Wes Parkinson offered to serve as Chair until October. The committee will work towards a newly elected member stepping into the Co-Chair role for continuity.
* **Review of Link DAO Festival Support Request:** All committee members are to review the Google Doc outlining the Link DAO Festival's request for support before the next meeting.
* **GMC Time Slot at Rare Evo:** Wes Parkinson will confirm a two-hour slot for the GMC at Rare Evo, which will be split between an internal meeting and a public workshop.
* **Focus on Community Listening/Workshops:** The committee generally agreed to prioritize listening to the community through workshops to gather information, rather than immediately communicating to DREPs.
* **Exploration of "State of Marketing" Report:** The idea of creating a "State of Marketing" report, crowdsourced from the community and projects, will be explored.
* **Unofficial Roles within GMC:** The committee will explore defining loose, unofficial roles and responsibilities for members to help facilitate various tasks.
* **Collaboration with Other Committees:** The committee will propose a joint meeting with other Intersect committees to identify collaboration opportunities.
* **Meeting Documentation:** Wes Parkinson will set up a shared status document and a document for committee member bios/LinkedIn profiles to improve meeting organization and internal information sharing.&#x20;

| Topic                                      | Discussion                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         | Action Items                                                                                                                                                                          |
| ------------------------------------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Committee Transition & Handover Period     | Terence McCutcheon confirmed that prior committee members are asked to continue attending for a handover period. The official changeover date is around June 19th.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 | <p><br></p>                                                                                                                                                                           |
| New Member Introductions                   | Not all new committee members have been able to attend a meeting where everyone was present for introductions. Simon Register, Wes Parkinson, Anuj Chaudhary, and Andy Hung introduced themselves to the group, sharing their backgrounds and involvement with Cardano/Intersect.                                                                                                                                                  | Encourage remaining new committee members to introduce themselves at the next meeting.                                                                                                |
| Chair and Co-Chair Selection               | Terence McCutcheon reiterated the request for a Chair and Co-Chair. Wes Parkinson offered to serve as Chair until October. The hope is for a newly elected member to step into the Co-Chair role for continuity.                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | Terrence McCutcheon to put out a poll or seek agreement on Wes Parkinson as Chair and solicit a Co-Chair from newly elected members.                                                  |
| Chile Music Festival (Linkdow Festival)    | An event in a few weeks (Linkdow Festival) was brought to the GMC's attention for potential support. It was noted that the request for support wasn't clearly defined. Wes Parkinson and Tim Harrison IO to review the Google Doc outlining the event. Concerns were raised about providing financial support due to limited time and treasury fund uncertainties. Non-financial support (promotion, connection) is more feasible. | All members to read the Linkdow Festival Google Doc before the next meeting to understand the support request. Jose Iadicicco offered to connect the committee with event organizers. |
| Rare Evo & Cardano Governance Day          | Wes Parkinson provided an update on Rare Evo (August 6th), which will include a dedicated Cardano Governance Day. The GMC will have a time slot. Wes suggested a two-hour slot, split between an internal meeting and a public workshop on how to participate in the GMC.                                                                                                                                                          | Tim Harrison and Nate to work with Wes on the structure of the GMC's slot at Rare Evo. Wes to confirm the two-hour slot with GM Cardano and Awen.                                     |
| GMC Purpose & Strategy Reset               | Discussion revolved around defining the GMC's purpose given past budget challenges and lack of community awareness. The need to better educate and communicate with DREPs and the wider community was emphasized.                                                                                                                                                                                                                  | <p><br></p>                                                                                                                                                                           |
| Community Engagement and Workshops         | Thiago Nunes suggested that the committee should focus on listening to the community through workshops to gather information and present it to the DREPs. Simon Register agreed, emphasizing communication with the community before the next voting phase.                                                                                                                                                                        | Explore organizing public workshops to gather community vision and perception of Cardano and its ecosystem.                                                                           |
| Communication Mediums                      | Discussion about effective communication channels beyond Discord, including utilizing X (formerly Twitter), newsletters, and X Spaces.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             | Explore leveraging the existing GMC X account and setting up a YouTube channel for content. Consider starting with an X Spaces along with Discord meetups.                            |
| "State of Marketing" Report                | Tim Harrison IO proposed creating a "State of Marketing" report, crowdsourced from community members and projects, to define challenges, differentiators, and narratives. This could serve as a launchpad for strategy and future budget proposals. Anuj Chaudhary supported this, sharing his experience with a Cardano India report.                                                                                             | Consider developing a "State of Marketing" report.                                                                                                                                    |
| Defining Roles within the GMC              | The need to define roles beyond Chair and Co-Chair was highlighted to facilitate tasks like content gathering and social media management, easing the burden on volunteers.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        | Explore defining loose, unofficial roles and responsibilities for committee members to facilitate work (e.g., social media, content generation, assessment leadership).               |
| Leveraging Existing Data/Work              | It was suggested to leverage existing work by community members (e.g., Thesis and Dysmorphia's questionnaires, Adelink's research on hackathon costs) to avoid reinventing the wheel for surveys and reports.                                                                                                                                                                                                                      | Research and utilize existing community data and reports from projects like Thesis and Dysmorphia, and Adelink.                                                                       |
| Collaboration with Other Committees        | The importance of getting to know other committee members (e.g., MCC, Product Committee) and identifying areas of crossover and collaboration to avoid duplication of effort was stressed.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         | Propose a joint meeting with other Intersect committees to understand their initiatives and identify collaboration opportunities.                                                     |
| Meeting Organization & Information Sharing | The idea of a shared status document for meeting tracking and a separate document for member bios was proposed to streamline meetings and internal understanding.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  | Wes Parkinson to set up a shared status document and a document for committee member bios/LinkedIn profiles for internal use.                                                         |
