# Meeting Minutes 02/12/2025

## Attendees:&#x20;

| Name                     | Attendance | Role                        | Voting Seat (Y/N) |
| ------------------------ | ---------- | --------------------------- | ----------------- |
| Simon F.                 | Yes        | Interim Chair               | Y                 |
| Terence ‘Tex’ McCutcheon | Yes        | Interim Secretary           | N                 |
| Jack Briggs              | Yes        | Secretary                   | N                 |
| Laura M.                 | No         | Member - Cardano Foundation | Y                 |
| Nathan A.                | Yes        | Member - EMURGO             | Y                 |
| Wes P.                   | Yes        | Member - Rare Network       | Y                 |
| Martin M.                | Yes        | Member                      | Y                 |
| Vaibhav (Gintama)        | Yes        | Member                      | Y                 |
| Mubarak O.               | Yes        | Member                      | Y                 |
| Tim H.                   | No         | Member                      | Y                 |
| Rand M.                  | Yes        | SME - Rare Network          | N                 |
| Natalia                  | No         | SME                         | N                 |
| John G.                  | Yes        | SME                         | N                 |
| Juan S.                  | Yes        | SME                         | N                 |
| Jose I.                  | Yes        | SME - ADA Solar             | N                 |

Other Guests:&#x20;

* N/A

## Intros/COI

Simon.: TBD

Laura.: TBD

Nate: TBD

Wes: TBD

Martin: TBD

Vaibhav: TBD

Mubarak: TBD

Tim: TBD

Rand: TBD

Natalia: TBD

John: TBD

Juan: TBD

Jose: TBD

## Agenda 2.12.25

* Official Cadence Meeting #2

## Decisions/Actions

* Decision: Interim Chair Action: Vote was held throughout the meeting. Terence announced the winner in #gmc-internal after all Bootstrap members had voted. Simon F. was selected as the Interim Chair.&#x20;

| Topic                    | Discussion                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             | Action Items                                                                                                                                                                    |
| ------------------------ | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Influencer Marketing     | - Gnobudy John proposed allocating a small portion of the marketing budget to incentivize positive Cardano influencers. \<br> - Tim Harrison expressed reservations about the influencer marketing ecosystem but was open to the idea if framed as sponsorships. \<br> - General concerns were raised about the focus on influencer marketing.                                         | - Gnobudy John to rewrite the influencer marketing proposal to reflect a sponsorship model. \<br> - Committee to gauge community sentiment and potentially revise the proposal. |
| Budget Feedback          | - Terence McCutcheon highlighted concerns about the budget's focus on marketing and events versus growth initiatives. \<br> - Kit Willow suggested collecting feedback asynchronously via chat to save meeting time. \<br> - Tim Harrison emphasized the need to analyze community feedback from various platforms.                                                                    | - Committee to actively engage in discussions on the forum and respond to community feedback.                                                                                   |
| Feedback Channels        | - Tim Harrison inquired about the framework for capturing feedback on the budget proposals. \<br> - Jack Briggs clarified that the budget committee would conduct weekly sentiment analysis and provide high-level recommendations. \<br> - Jack Briggs encouraged the marketing committee to actively participate in forum discussions and make dynamic adjustments to the proposals. | - Committee members to actively participate in forum discussions and provide feedback.                                                                                          |
| Community Sentiment      | - Jack Briggs highlighted the generally positive reception of the budget proposals. \<br> - Seomon Register shared his experience in a Twitter Space where the initial negative sentiment shifted due to the context of other committees' budgets.                                                                                                                                     | - Committee to utilize Twitter Spaces and other platforms to socialize the budget proposals and gather feedback.                                                                |
| Budget Publicizing       | - Seomon Register raised concerns about the premature publicizing of the budget before finalization by Scribe. \<br> - Tim Harrison acknowledged the mishap but emphasized transparency and the need to provide context about industry standards for marketing spends.                                                                                                                 | - Committee to ensure future budget drafts are not publicized without approval.                                                                                                 |
| Socializing Budget Ideas | - Rand McHenry suggested socializing the budget ideas through presentations and community engagement to gather feedback and avoid sticker shock.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       | - Committee to utilize Twitter Spaces and other platforms to present and discuss budget ideas with the community.                                                               |
| Version Control          | - Jack Briggs discussed the importance of version control for tracking changes in the budget proposals and demonstrating progress.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     | - Implement a version control system for the budget documents.                                                                                                                  |
| Interim Chair            | - Terence McCutcheon initiated the process of selecting an interim chair for the committee.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            | - Committee members to vote for an interim chair.                                                                                                                               |
| Meeting Schedule         | - Jack Briggs proposed clarifying the meeting schedule and potentially merging the marketing working group with the committee.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         | - Discuss and finalize the meeting schedule and format.                                                                                                                         |
