# Meeting Minutes 09/02/2025

## Attendees:&#x20;

| Name                     | Attendance | Role                        | Voting Seat (Y/N) | Election Cycle |
| ------------------------ | ---------- | --------------------------- | ----------------- | -------------- |
| Wes P.                   | Yes        | Chair                       | Y                 | October 2025   |
| Terence ‘Tex’ McCutcheon | Yes        | Secretary                   | N                 | N/A            |
| Tim H.                   | No         | Vice Chair                  | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Laura M.                 | Yes        | Member - Cardano Foundation | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Nathan A.                | No         | Member - EMURGO             | Y                 | October 2025   |
| Mubarak O.               | No         | Member                      | Y                 | October 2025   |
| Anuj C.                  | No         | Member                      | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Andy H.                  | No         | Member                      | N                 | April 2026     |
| Hasitha R.               | Yes        | Member                      | N                 | April 2026     |
| TBD                      | No         | SME                         | N                 | N/A            |

Other Guests:&#x20;

* Fred Tanaka
* Jose Iadiccio
* Kriss Baird
* Sabrina Liu
* Nadia Mannell
* Seomon Register
* Tim Richmond



**Recording:** [Growth & Marketing Committee - 2025/09/02 - Recording](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1yNUCHPofDvaty0Ya_a6fNxeeRTcX87Je/view?usp=sharing)

**Transcript:** [Growth & Marketing Committee - 2025/09/02 06:54 CDT - Transcript](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1s3vXaVxamM9e0-GI7utrXzJI8NwtYQzoGPPOPURBN5A/edit?usp=sharing)

**Chat Transcript:** [Growth & Marketing Committee - 2025/09/02 - Chat](https://drive.google.com/file/d/15UxaT2T7GdKgAbcchTnrgcj0iC2CMatD/view?usp=sharing)

## Intros/COI

**Andy:** Pacific Meta\
**Anuj:** Yoroi Wallet & EMURGO India Lead\
**Hasitha:** Elected Member(GMC), Intersect / Cardano Ecosystem Contributor since 2020\
**Laura:** Director Marketing and Comms at CF\
**Mubarak:** AKA Kit Willow: Voting member of the GMC, Community member\
**Nate:** VP of Global Marketing at EMURGO\
**Tim:** EVP Community & Ecosystem, Input | Output\
**Tex:** Open Source Program Manager (Intersect), OSC/MCC Secretary, Committee Liaison\
**Wes:** Rare Network

## Agenda 9.02.25

* &#x20;Open Forum

## Decisions/Actions

**Decisions**

* **Social Media Growth Strategy:** The committee agreed to continue with the current social media strategy of incentivized giveaways and weekly posts by voting members to increase the GMC's follower count on X.
* **Committee Application Questions:** The application questions for the upcoming committee elections are considered "good" by Laura, and Wes will review them by the end of next week.

**Actions**

* **Terence:** Review the meeting minutes from the Intersect Steering Committee.Post a poll in the Discord channel for standing committee members to give their input on the stipends.
* **Wes:** Review the application questions for the next committee election by the end of next week. Post updates about the Hong Kong event and other social media content in the Discord. Create a brainstorming session for the committee's 2026 roadmap.
* **Committee Members:** Continue to make weekly posts as a voting committee member.
* **Kriss:** Send details about the Cardano Summit events to Laura and Tim at Intersect.
* **Jose:** Send all details regarding the LATAM summits to Kriss via email.
* **Tim R:** Suggested having a distinct Discord channel for amplification requests from committee members.

| Topic                                     | Discussion                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        | Notes                                                                                                                                              |
| ----------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Committee Member Attendance and Purpose   | Wes and Laura state they can only stay for 30 minutes. Wes emphasizes the first 30 minutes are for voting members and the rest of the meeting is open to participants. Wes mentions he's recruiting new members with marketing and growth experience.                                             | The meeting's format is to allow a closed session for voting members before opening to a wider group of participants.                              |
| Review of Committee Application Questions | Terence reminds Wes that there's an opportunity to review and change the application questions for the next committee elections. Laura states she thinks the current questions are good. Wes agrees to review the questions.                                                                      | The current application questions for committee elections will be reviewed by the end of next week.                                                |
| Agenda and Meeting Tool                   | Laura asks for the name of the tool used for the agenda. Terence mentions ClickUp. Wes apologizes for his lack of updates on ClickUp due to his travel schedule.                                                                                                                                  | The team uses ClickUp to manage the agenda.                                                                                                        |
| Participant Introductions                 | Laura asks Terence to bring Jose into the discussion, as he has updates on the LATAM summits. Wes proposes a quick list of updates before opening the meeting to participants with only 20 minutes left.                                                                                          | The meeting will be opened to participants and introductions will be made, including for Jose, Sabrina, and Fred.                                  |
| Participation from Committee Members      | Wes expresses the need for more participation from committee members, stating that only a few are consistently active. He lists a few ways to contribute, including social media posts and finding new vendors.                                                                                   | Participation from all committee members is encouraged to ensure the committee's success and to meet stipulations for potential stipends.          |
| GMC Social Media Growth                   | Wes reports that a giveaway post on Rare Network resulted in a significant increase in the GMC's follower count, from 774 to around 3,500. He urges committee members to continue with weekly posts.                                                                                              | The GMC's following has grown significantly, and the goal is to reach 6000 followers.                                                              |
| Stipends for Voting Members               | Wes and Terence discuss a stipend for voting members, mentioning that there will be stipulations related to participation. Terence will put a poll in the Discord for feedback from standing committee members.                                                                                   | Stipends for voting members are becoming a reality, but will require a certain level of participation.                                             |
| Catalyst Fund 14 Proposals                | Wes encourages committee members to review Catalyst Fund 14 proposals in the "open ecosystem fund" category and share relevant ones in the Discord. He emphasizes that Catalyst is a great way to gain legitimacy for ideas.                                                                      | Committee members should review Catalyst Fund 14 proposals and share them for discussion.                                                          |
| Updates on Events and Networking          | Wes reports on an IOG Asia tour and encourages people to attend. He also shares that his recent travels have resulted in 60 new contacts and 10 potential contributors. He stresses the need to find vendors for future treasury proposals.                                                       | Key events like the IOG Asia tour are highlighted. Committee members are urged to seek out vendors.                                                |
| Latin America Summits                     | Jose announces that the Cardano Summit LATAM will be in Rio de Janeiro on October 15 and Buenos Aires on November 15. He invites Catalyst, Intersect, and other key organizations to participate.                                                                                                 | The Cardano Summit LATAM will be in Rio and Buenos Aires, with opportunities for organizations to participate.                                     |
| Event Strategy and Budget Proposals       | Kriss mentions Catalyst is putting together its event strategy for the rest of the year. He asks for the process to present budget opportunities to the GMC. Terence states that a formal process hasn't been established but suggests starting the discussion in the general channel on Discord. | A formal process for presenting budget proposals will be established, starting with an open discussion on Discord.                                 |
| GMC's Role and Future                     | Kriss and Jose discuss opportunities like Dev Connect and university partnerships to attract investors. Kriss notes that some investors view Cardano as a "forgotten lost project" and that the GMC can make quick decisions to capitalize on new opportunities.                                  | The GMC's role is to make quick decisions on valuable opportunities, such as investor brunches and accelerator programs, to attract resources.     |
| Meeting Minutes and Follow-ups            | Wes plans to post meeting minutes in the Discord to inform members who couldn't attend. He also suggests a brainstorming session to work on the 2026 roadmap.                                                                                                                                     | Meeting minutes will be posted on Discord to keep members updated. A brainstorming session for the 2026 roadmap will be scheduled.                 |
| Closing Remarks                           | Terence notes that with only one standing committee member remaining, the meeting will be closed out early. Wes asks Kriss to provide closing remarks and updates on Catalyst events. Kriss shares details on upcoming events and asks for the Discord link.                                      | The meeting concludes with updates on various Catalyst events, including the Vietnam workshop, Token2049, Tech for Impact, and the Cardano Summit. |
