# Meeting Minutes 10/14/2025

## Attendees:&#x20;

<table data-header-hidden><thead><tr><th width="218.7178955078125"></th><th width="111.68829345703125"></th><th width="105.092041015625"></th><th width="155.0894775390625"></th><th></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Name</td><td>Attendance</td><td>Role</td><td>Voting Seat (Y/N)</td><td>Election Cycle</td></tr><tr><td>Wes Parkinson</td><td>Yes</td><td>Chair</td><td>Y</td><td>October 2025</td></tr><tr><td>Terence ‘Tex’ McCutcheon</td><td>Yes</td><td>Secretary</td><td>N</td><td>N/A</td></tr><tr><td>Tim Harrison</td><td>Yes</td><td>Vice Chair</td><td>Y</td><td>April 2026</td></tr><tr><td>Laura Mattiucci </td><td>Yes</td><td>Member</td><td>Y</td><td>April 2026</td></tr><tr><td>Nathan Acton</td><td>No</td><td>Member </td><td>Y</td><td>October 2025</td></tr><tr><td>Mubarak Oladimeji</td><td>No</td><td>Member</td><td>Y</td><td>October 2025</td></tr><tr><td>Anuj Chaudhary </td><td>No</td><td>Member</td><td>Y</td><td>April 2026</td></tr><tr><td>Andy Hung</td><td>Yes</td><td>Member</td><td>Y</td><td>April 2026</td></tr><tr><td>Hasitha Raymond</td><td>Yes</td><td>Member</td><td>Y</td><td>April 2026</td></tr><tr><td>TBD</td><td>No</td><td>SME</td><td>N</td><td>N/A</td></tr></tbody></table>

Other Guests:&#x20;

* Fred Tanaka
* John G.
* James Meidinger
* Nadia Mannell
* Sabrina Liu

&#x20;

**Recording:** [Growth & Marketing Committee - 2025/10/14 - Recording](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Fh_3mthgA9W1RKRrIiq-6djBTyOTi8Gr/view?usp=sharing)

**Transcript:** [Growth & Marketing Committee - 2025/10/14 - Transcript](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1m74ljkeF14ubJ-R2xkjyN14Ee_3rwjYaCKEiYYwR7nY/edit?usp=sharing)

**Chat Transcript:** [Growth & Marketing Committee - 2025/10/14 - Chat](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1NyH2F1DeguEZ5js5YyYc2kRGPN8RGTiE/view?usp=sharing)

## Intros/COI

**Andy:** Pacific Meta\
**Anuj:** Yoroi Wallet & EMURGO India Lead\
**Hasitha:** Elected Member(GMC), Intersect / Cardano Ecosystem Contributor since 2020\
**Laura:** Director Marketing and Comms at CF\
**Mubarak:** AKA Kit Willow: Voting member of the GMC, Community member\
**Nate:** VP of Global Marketing at EMURGO\
**Tim:** EVP Community & Ecosystem, Input | Output\
**Tex:** Open Source Program Manager (Intersect), OSC/MCC Secretary, Committee Liaison\
**Wes:** Rare Network

## Agenda 10.14.25

* &#x20;Open Forum

## Decisions/Actions

**Decisions**

* A working meeting to review the survey results is scheduled for later in the week.
* The committee's forward-looking goal is to create a high-level strategic document, such as a "marketing and growth white paper" or "road map."

**Actions**

* Tidy up and format the survey results into a consumable report/slides prior to the Thursday review meeting (Tim/Terence).
* Share the AI summary of the survey results with James (Tim).
* Pull together/showcase the survey data for people to preview before the Thursday meeting (Terence).
* Set up the meeting invite for the Thursday Survey Review Meeting (Terence).
* Find resources to perform deeper AI analysis on the raw survey spreadsheet data (Tim).
* Revisit the GMC Charter/Original Documentation as a foundation for the new strategic plan (Wes - suggested, for later discussion).
* Create and release social media content to promote the GMC election/call for applicants before the October 24th deadline (Terence).
* Continue working to build out the Japan community by engaging a younger demographic and influencers (Fred).

| Topic                                        | Discussion                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      | Notes                                                                                                                                                         |
| -------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Asia Tour Reflections: General               | Tim thanked Terence for the survey results. Tim, Wes, and Laura discussed jet lag from the recent three-week Asia tour. Wes had a lot of rest.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  | Wes, Tim, and Laura are still recovering from travel/jet lag.                                                                                                 |
| Asia Tour Reflections: Singapore (Token2049) | Wes shared that the governance workshops were very effective and noted the unified events strategy played out well. The Cardano, Midnight, and IO trifecta booth was seen as an over-delivery given the short timeline. Tim praised the Cardano booth's busyness and mentioned Jack (Midnight) signed up about 300 people for Intersect. Tim noted a "very powerful" Cardano presence and a positive overall vibe despite market turmoil.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       | The unified events strategy with Cardano, Midnight, and IO booths was a great success.                                                                        |
| Asia Tour Reflections: Metrics & Vibe        | Wes reported about 700 wallet signups at their side event who claimed USDM and ADA, along with Cardano Academy and Intersect signups. Wes noted feedback about the "unique" community vibe that made people want to stay, which Tim agreed felt "more human and holistic."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      | Need to fully compile and refine event metrics.                                                                                                               |
| Asia Tour Reflections: Japan                 | Fred provided an update on Tech for Impact, which he said tripled its base and had a strong community presence with the Hydra vending machine being a "crowd-pleaser." Fred also hosted a workshop for community members, focusing on the 2030 vision and building out the Intersect Japan community. Fred noted the need to bring in a younger crowd and influencers to the "mature" Japanese demographic. Tim and Wes agreed on the differences in the Japanese crowd (older, SPO/OG investor) versus Vietnam (younger, builder-centric).                                                                                                                                                     | Focus in Japan is on engaging a younger demographic and building the Intersect community.                                                                     |
| Asia Tour Reflections: Hydra Vending Machine | Tim highlighted the success of the Hydra vending machine at Rare Evo and Token, with nearly 400 people using it at Token. He praised it as a "beautiful user experience" and a lesson in active physical site activation.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       | Hydra Vending Machine was a successful, engaging physical site activation.                                                                                    |
| Asia Tour Reflections: North America (NABS)  | James shared his experience at NABS, noting the high value of the event with mostly B2B policymakers, energy sector, and Bitcoin interest, with a focus on business cards. James is using onboarding cards with Vesper to get firsthand feedback from experienced traditional economy traders (like Oleg). Laura noted the event size (1,500-2,000 people). James emphasized the quality of conversations, leading to contacts like Eddie Army (Texas Credit Union Association), with a potential future partnership for USDM on/off-ramps.                                                                                                                                                     | NABS was a high-value, niche event for B2B and traditional finance contacts, especially for USDM stablecoin.                                                  |
| Upcoming Event Strategy                      | Laura stated the need for more high-value, niche events like NABS, with Wes adding that the next one is the DC Blockchain Summit, focusing on stables and Bitcoin. Wes stressed the importance of having a niche fit for ecosystem participants at these events.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                | Next niche event: DC Blockchain Summit. Strategy is to target events with niche fit.                                                                          |
| Survey Review & Next Steps                   | Terence steered the conversation back to the survey results. Tim shared a quick AI analysis showing key standouts: positive views on stablecoin liquidity, real-world assets/DeFi, and institutional focus. The survey closed at the end of August with about 200 responses. The plan is to "tidy up" the data into a consumable format (report/slides).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        | Survey results show strong interest in stablecoins, RWA/DeFi, and institutional engagement.                                                                   |
| Survey Review Meeting Logistics              | Wes suggested a meeting to review the results. Terence noted a conflict on Thursday. The committee agreed to meet on Thursday at 2 PM UTC to review the findings, allowing people to read and digest the material beforehand. John and James were invited to join.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | Follow-up meeting scheduled for Thursday at 2 PM UTC for survey review.                                                                                       |
| GMC Elections and Applicant Recruitment      | Tim asked Terence for an update on the GMC elections. Terence confirmed there are five open seats and four applicants so far. The deadline is October 24th. Tim inquired about recruitment efforts, suggesting social media content.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            | Five seats open in the GMC election; need more high-quality applicants by October 24th.                                                                       |
| Future GMC Structure & Purpose               | Wes suggested a reset with new members and defined roles (social media, business development, project manager) for better efficiency. James argued that Intersect should pay central professionals for graphics and an administrative/organizational manager for each committee. Tim suggested the GMC's purpose should be to create a "marketing and growth white paper" or "road map" to drive community consensus for marketing investment. John cautioned that a big plan is only worthwhile if the committee can guarantee the budget to execute it, otherwise it could be demoralizing. Laura urged for a two-year road map and plan to allocate resources to empower community projects. | Discussion centered on defining the GMC's purpose (creating a strategic white paper/road map) and implementing roles or securing paid administrative support. |
