# Meeting Minutes 07/01/2025

## Attendees:&#x20;

| Name                     | Attendance | Role                        | Voting Seat (Y/N) | Election Cycle |
| ------------------------ | ---------- | --------------------------- | ----------------- | -------------- |
| Wes P.                   | Yes        | Chair                       | Y                 | October 2025   |
| Terence ‘Tex’ McCutcheon | Yes        | Secretary                   | N                 | N/A            |
| Tim H.                   | Yes        | Vice Chair                  | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Laura M.                 | Yes        | Member - Cardano Foundation | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Nathan A.                | Yes        | Member - EMURGO             | Y                 | October 2025   |
| Mubarak O.               | Yes        | Member                      | Y                 | October 2025   |
| Anuj C.                  | Yes        | Member                      | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Andy H.                  | No         | Member                      | N                 | April 2026     |
| Hasitha R.               | Yes        | Member                      | N                 | April 2026     |
| TBD                      | No         | SME                         | N                 | N/A            |

Other Guests:&#x20;

* Elizabeth Morrison
* John G.&#x20;
* Jose Iadiccio

## Intros/COI

**Andy:** TBD\
**Anuj:** TBD\
**Hasitha:** TBD\
**Laura:** Laura Mattiucci, Director Marketing and Comms at CF\
**Mubarak:** AKA Kit Willow: Voting member of the Growth and Marketing Committee.\
Community member\
**Nate:** Nate Acton, VP of Global Marketing at EMURGO\
**Tim:** Tim Harrison, EVP Community & Ecosystem, Input | Output\
**Tex:** Open Source Program Manager (Intersect), OSC Secretary, Committee Liaison\
**Wes:** TBD

## Agenda 7.01.25

* Welcome - Intros/Catch-Up
* Open Meetings
* GMC Survey
* Product/GMC/TSC meeting Recap&#x20;
* Open Forum

## Decisions/Actions

* Tim's poll deadline for comments was extended to Wednesday, July 9th.
* Tim plans to release the survey before July 13th.
* The GMC will focus on publicizing the successes of Rare Evo and Blockchain Rio.
* The GMC will prepare to collaborate with the product committee on booth content.
* Wes will write a practice tweet and share it in the sub-Discord channel.
* The first open meeting for the GMC is targeted for the first week of September.

| Topic                                          | Discussion                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      | Action Items                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |
| ---------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Meeting Logistics & Attendance                 | Terence clarified meeting invite confusion with Laura. John, Tim, Lara, Wes, Liz, Anuj, Nate, Kit, and Hasitha were present.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | Laura to decline Simo's invite and accept Terence's.                                                                                                                                                                                |
| Note-Taking Application                        | Wes inquired about the note-taking application outside of Google Workspace. Terence confirmed it was ClickUp and that it's still being used.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | Wes to access ClickUp from his laptop for notes.                                                                                                                                                                                    |
| Tim's Poll for Budget Submission               | Tim shared an updated poll link for feedback, including Laura's proposal and a question referencing previous budget proposals. The deadline for comments was extended to Wednesday, July 9th. Tim plans to release the survey before July 13th (his vacation) and discuss key themes at Rare Evo. The goal is to close the survey a week after Rare Evo and have results by the end of August. Liz and JB were asked to review the survey.                                                      | All attendees to provide comments on Tim's poll by next meeting. Liz and JB to review the survey. John to provide comments on the poll via Discord or directly in the document.                                                     |
| Multiple Polls                                 | Wes recalled a discussion about having three total polls. Terence did not recall recommending multiple polls. Tim confirmed Lloyd was discussing a governance and budget poll.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  | Tim to check with Lloyd regarding the governance and budget poll.                                                                                                                                                                   |
| Adding Poll to Luma Link                       | Wes suggested adding the public poll to the Luma link. Tim mentioned potentially using Typeform for the survey due to its adaptability for stacked rankings.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | Ben (not present) to look into Typeform for the poll. Wes to tag Awen about the poll.                                                                                                                                               |
| Coordination with Awen                         | Terence requested to be tagged in any future meetings between Wes and Awen for continued coordination.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          | Wes to tag Terence in Awen-related coordination.                                                                                                                                                                                    |
| Rare Evo Governance Day & IO Events            | Wes provided an update on Governance Day planning, noting IO will have two days of events before Dev and Governance Day. Concern was raised about potential overlap and budgeting. Tim stated that Governance Day will incorporate output from previous days.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | Wes to reach out to Tim and push for an understanding of event overlap and agenda clarity by end of week. Wes to set up a quick 30-minute call with himself, Terence, Awen, and Tim for Thursday. Carol to be included in the call. |
| Travel & Invitations for Rare Evo              | Laura inquired about travel arrangements for Andreas. Tim confirmed formal invitations for the governance event would go out by end of week, with a Luma page for sign-ups.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     | Laura to confirm Andreas's travel plans with Andreas/Fred.                                                                                                                                                                          |
| GMC Role & Open Meetings                       | Discussion centered on the GMC's role and the timing of open meetings. Tim suggested waiting a month or two, ideally post-Rare Evo and summer recess, to open meetings to the public, focusing on clear agendas to avoid unproductive sessions. Wes suggested initial open meetings would explain "What is the GMC and what do we do?" with a presentation.                                                                                                                                     | Wes to work on a 5-10 minute "elevator pitch" presentation for the GMC. First open meeting to be targeted for the first week of September.                                                                                          |
| Post-Rare Evo Focus & Budget                   | John suggested that post-Rare Evo, the focus for the GMC would shift towards publicizing the success of Rare Evo and Blockchain Rio for next year's budget. Laura confirmed Blockchain Rio is also a booth event. Nate mentioned Token 2049 in Singapore is also happening and Emergo fronted the funds.                                                                                                                                                                                        | GMC to focus on publicizing Rare Evo and Blockchain Rio successes.                                                                                                                                                                  |
| GMC Role at Events                             | Kit inquired about the GMC's role at events for those not attending in person. Wes stated that CF, Emergo, and Rare will collect feedback from the GMC as a peer group on how events are handled. He also mentioned monthly reports on successes. Recordings of Rare Dev and Governance Day will be available, but no live Zoom participation for non-attendees.                                                                                                                                | Laura, Nate, and Wes to align internally and deliver monthly updates to the GMC on event successes.                                                                                                                                 |
| Content for Booths                             | Tim highlighted the importance of the GMC in determining content for event booths, collaborating with the product committee once funded projects are clear (by mid-to-end August).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | GMC to prepare to collaborate with the product committee on booth content.                                                                                                                                                          |
| Recap of Last Week's Meeting                   | John recapped the previous meeting, which involved organizing thoughts on Cardano's technical aspects on a Miro board, but noted it was a first step, not final conclusions. He emphasized the disconnect between technical teams and marketing, and the need for a cultural shift to support initiatives that may not be fully understood by everyone. Anuj agreed, comparing Cardano's marketing to Aptos and Solana's efforts and lamenting the lack of focus on marketing in budget voting. | No immediate action, but continued consideration of John and Anuj's points on marketing and ecosystem growth.                                                                                                                       |
| Marketing Cardano Across Nations (Super Teams) | Kit suggested implementing a "Super Team" model, similar to Solana's, to create Cardano hubs in different countries, focusing on developers and users. Hasitha supported this, citing Sri Lankan efforts in universities and hackathons as cheaper marketing.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | Kit to share her document on a Cardano hub in Nigeria in the GMC chat.                                                                                                                                                              |
| Social Media Strategy                          | Wes asked for a social media lead to ensure consistent weekly tweets. Laura expressed interest in LinkedIn but lacked time. John suggested reaching out to the broader GMC longlist for a suitable lead.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        | Wes to write a practice tweet and put it in the sub-Discord. Wes to consider emailing the GMC longlist for a social media lead.                                                                                                     |
