# Meeting Minutes 06/10/2025

## Attendees:&#x20;

| Name                     | Attendance | Role                        | Voting Seat (Y/N) | Election Cycle |
| ------------------------ | ---------- | --------------------------- | ----------------- | -------------- |
| Wes P.                   | Yes        | Chair                       | Y                 | October 2025   |
| Terence ‘Tex’ McCutcheon | Yes        | Secretary                   | N                 | N/A            |
| Tim H.                   | Yes        | Vice Chair                  | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Laura M.                 | Yes        | Member - Cardano Foundation | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Nathan A.                | No         | Member - EMURGO             | Y                 | October 2025   |
| Mubarak O.               | No         | Member                      | Y                 | October 2025   |
| Anuj C.                  | Yes        | Member                      | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Andy H.                  | No         | Member                      | N                 | April 2026     |
| Hasitha R.               | Yes        | Member                      | N                 | April 2026     |
| TBD                      | No         | SME                         | N                 | N/A            |

Other Guests:&#x20;

* Gintama
* Jose Iadiccio
* Juan Sierra
* Seomon register

## Intros/COI

**Andy:** TBD\
**Anuj:** TBD\
**Hasitha:** TBD\
**Laura:** Laura Mattiucci, Director Marketing and Comms at CF\
**Mubarak:** AKA Kit Willow: Voting member of the Growth and Marketing Committee.\
Community member\
**Nate:** Nate Acton, VP of Global Marketing at EMURGO\
**Tim:** Tim Harrison, EVP Community & Ecosystem, Input | Output\
**Tex:** Open Source Program Manager (Intersect), OSC Secretary, Committee Liaison\
**Wes:** TBD

## Agenda 6.10.25

* &#x20;Open Forum

## Decisions/Actions

* **Budget Info Action Status:** Tim Harrison IO will continue to monitor the budget info action status.
* **Marketing Event Proposals & Fund Reallocation:** Gintama will further articulate specific overlaps and provide a more detailed proposal for fund reallocation.
* **Challenges with Fund Reallocation:** Terence McCutcheon and Tim Harrison IO will continue to advocate for adherence to approved proposals and clear communication regarding any necessary changes with the administrator (Intersect).
* **GMC's Advisory Role on Budget:** The GMC members will discuss and define the scope of the GMC's advisory role regarding budget allocation and potential overlaps.
* **Working Group Updates:** Terence McCutcheon and Tim Harrison IO will confirm the approval status and meeting schedule of the Strategic Working Group.
* **Working Group Meeting Scheduling:** Wes Parkinson will implement a process for adding working group meetings to members' official calendars. Simon and Wes Parkinson will plan a restart for the Cardano Marketing working group with defined goals and timeline.
* **Ecosystem Marketing Survey & Rare Evo Agenda:** Tim Harrison IO will draft an outline plan and initial polling questions for the ecosystem marketing survey by the end of next week (Thursday). GMC members will review and finalize the survey questions and objectives for public release. Wes Parkinson will add the poll as a reference to the governance day agenda at Rare Evo.
* **Chair and Vice Chair Elections:** **Wes Parkinson** was elected as _Chair_ and **Tim Harrison** IO as _Vice Chair._ Terence McCutcheon will document this in the meeting minutes.
* **Future Election Cycles & Committee Continuity:** Terence McCutcheon will work with Wes and Tim to establish a more frequent and direct agenda for future meetings.
* **Meeting Cadence and Duration:** The meeting schedule will be weekly (12-1 PM UTC with optional 30-minute extension). Terence McCutcheon will update this.
* **Meeting Minutes Access & Publishing:** Terence McCutcheon will ensure all committee members have easy access to the knowledge base and clarify any questions about minute publication. GMC members will decide on the transparency level for sharing recordings, transcripts, and chat.
* **Budget Process Discussion at Rare Evo:** Tim Harrison IO will discuss with Nate (and potentially the budget committee) the possibility of a workshop on the budget process at Rare Evo.
* **Cardano.org Showcase Integration:** Laura Mattiucci noted the suggestion to integrate the "showcase" more prominently on cardano.org.
* **DREP Engagement and Communication:** Wes Parkinson and Jose Iadicicco will arrange an introductory call between the GMC and the Product Committee before Rare Evo. Jose Iadicicco will facilitate direct communication with UT by involving Sabrina for translations and discussions. Wes Parkinson will explore options for written translation of proposals into Japanese through the Socious team.
* **UT's Constitution Draft & DREP Influence:** Anuj Chaudhary will share the link to UT's constitution draft. GMC members will consider strategies for engaging with influential DREPs like UT on marketing and growth initiatives.
* **Future Planning:** 2026 Budget & Roadmap: Wes Parkinson will create a status list and a repeatable format for weekly meetings, including an agenda, priorities, and issue list review with time limits. He will also begin to outline a timeline for the 2026 budget and a roadmap for the GMC's activities until October.

| Topic                                         | Discussion                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | Action Items                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |
| --------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Budget Info Action Status                     | The budget info action for Intersect, specifically the 275, has a deadline of Friday the 13th. The current passing rate is around 53-54%, which is within the passing zone. The final Treasury withdrawal actions have a higher threshold of 67%. While it looks likely to pass, there's always uncertainty.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  | Tim Harrison IO: Continue to monitor the budget info action status.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
| Marketing Event Proposals & Fund Reallocation | Gintama suggested negotiating with proposals like "Discover Cardano" or the committee proposal to reduce their funding by 1 million ADA and divert it to two community events (community events marketing and community marketing fund, 500k each). This would provide funding for grassroots events and other initiatives, as there's perceived overlap in existing funding for similar events.                                                                                                                                                              | Gintama: Further articulate the specific overlaps and provide a more detailed proposal for fund reallocation.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |
| Challenges with Fund Reallocation             | Terence McCutcheon and Tim Harrison IO expressed strong caution against reallocating funds post-approval. They emphasized that any changes should ideally come from the original proposer to avoid setting a negative precedent or implying that the Growth and Marketing Committee (GMC) would "beat up" other proposers for their funds. They also highlighted the need for high accountability from Intersect to ensure funds are used as proposed, citing potential issues if an event is canceled or a proposer wants to change the scope significantly. | Terence McCutcheon & Tim Harrison IO: Continue to advocate for adherence to approved proposals and clear communication regarding any necessary changes with the administrator (Intersect).                                                                                                                                                                               |
| GMC's Advisory Role on Budget                 | Gintama believes the GMC should advise the community and proposers on better ways to utilize funds, especially given perceived funding overlaps and the fact that the Product Committee, but not the Marketing Committee, received funding for events.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        | GMC Members: Discuss and define the scope of the GMC's advisory role regarding budget allocation and potential overlaps.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
| Working Group Updates                         | The Enterprise Adoption Working Group has started meeting. There's a question about the status of the Strategic Working Group and if it was approved with the Product Committee.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | Terence McCutcheon & Tim Harrison IO: Confirm the approval status and meeting schedule of the Strategic Working Group.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
| Working Group Meeting Scheduling              | Wes Parkinson suggested having working group meetings on members' calendars (outside of Discord) while maintaining Discord events for public visibility. There's a desire to restart the Cardano Marketing working group with a clearer timeline and goals.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | Wes Parkinson: Implement a process for adding working group meetings to members' official calendars. Simon & Wes Parkinson: Plan a restart for the Cardano Marketing working group with defined goals and timeline.                                                                                                                                                      |
| Ecosystem Marketing Survey & Rare Evo Agenda  | Tim Harrison IO proposed brainstorming ideas for the additional governance day at Rare Evo and launching an ecosystem marketing survey. The survey results could be shared at Rare Evo to drive discussion and potentially form the basis for a marketing strategy working group.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             | Tim Harrison IO: Draft an outline plan and initial polling questions for the ecosystem marketing survey by end of next week (Thursday). GMC Members: Review and finalize the survey questions and objectives for public release. Wes Parkinson: Add the poll as a reference to the governance day agenda at Rare Evo.                                                    |
| Chair and Vice Chair Elections                | Wes Parkinson was seconded for the Chair role, and Tim Harrison IO put himself forward as a potential Vice Chair. A vote was conducted, with all present voting members agreeing.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             | Terence McCutcheon: Document the election of Wes Parkinson as Chair and Tim Harrison IO as Vice Chair in the meeting minutes.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |
| Future Election Cycles & Committee Continuity | The discussion covered how future elections (e.g., October) would work, with the Vice Chair typically transitioning to the Chair role for continuity. The terms of various members were clarified.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            | Terence McCutcheon: Work with Wes and Tim to establish a more frequent and direct agenda for future meetings.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |
| Meeting Cadence and Duration                  | There was a preference for weekly meetings. The meeting time will be 12 PM to 1 PM UTC, with an optional additional half-hour for continued discussion, but no decisions will be made without a quorum in the extended time.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  | Terence McCutcheon: Update the meeting schedule to weekly (12-1 PM UTC with optional 30-minute extension).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
| Meeting Minutes Access & Publishing           | Confusion regarding where meeting minutes are published was raised. Terence McCutcheon clarified that minutes are on the Intersect knowledge base and shared the link. He also mentioned that the committee can decide whether to share recordings, transcripts, and chat publicly.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           | Terence McCutcheon: Ensure all committee members have easy access to the knowledge base and clarify any questions about minute publication. GMC Members: Decide on the transparency level for sharing recordings, transcripts, and chat.                                                                                                                                 |
| Budget Process Discussion at Rare Evo         | Tim Harrison IO suggested that Rare Evo would be a good opportunity to discuss the budget process, possibly in a workshop convened by the budget committee, to improve the 2026 process.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      | Tim Harrison IO: Discuss with Nate (and potentially the budget committee) the possibility of a workshop on the budget process at Rare Evo.                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
| Cardano.org Showcase Integration              | Hasitha Raymond suggested bringing the "showcase" section from the developers' portal (cardano.org/showcase) directly onto the main page of cardano.org to improve visibility for new users.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  | Laura Mattiucci: Take note of the suggestion to integrate the "showcase" more prominently on cardano.org.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
| DREP Engagement and Communication             | Simon highlighted a problem with DREPs not fully understanding proposals, citing a specific DREP (UT) who seems to vote against marketing events. The group discussed the need for direct engagement with DREPs, potentially through dedicated meetings and bilingual (Japanese) proposals.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | Wes Parkinson & Jose Iadicicco: Arrange an introductory call between the GMC and the Product Committee before Rare Evo. Jose Iadicicco: Facilitate direct communication with UT by involving Sabrina (who speaks Japanese) for translations and discussions. Wes Parkinson: Explore options for written translation of proposals into Japanese through the Socious team. |
| UT's Constitution Draft & DREP Influence      | Anuj Chaudhary mentioned UT's focus on drafting a new constitution and his annoyance with the committee and Intersect. This raises concerns about DREP influence and the need for the GMC to engage with influential DREPs effectively.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       | Anuj Chaudhary: Share the link to UT's constitution draft. GMC Members: Consider strategies for engaging with influential DREPs like UT on marketing and growth initiatives.                                                                                                                                                                                             |
| Future Planning: 2026 Budget & Roadmap        | The group acknowledged the need to determine a timeline for the 2026 budget to work backward and establish ideal dates for a Charter version 2, and new campaigns beyond the poll and workshops. The current proposal process was criticized for being overly detailed and lacking flexibility.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               | Wes Parkinson: Create a status list and a repeatable format for weekly meetings, including an agenda, priorities, and issue list review with time limits. Begin to outline a timeline for the 2026 budget and a roadmap for the GMC's activities until October.                                                                                                          |
