# Meeting Minutes 04/04/2025

## Attendees:&#x20;

| Name                     | Attendance | Role                        | Voting Seat (Y/N) |
| ------------------------ | ---------- | --------------------------- | ----------------- |
| Simon F.                 | Yes        | Interim Chair               | Y                 |
| Terence ‘Tex’ McCutcheon | Yes        | Interim Secretary           | N                 |
| Jack Briggs              | No         | Secretary                   | N                 |
| Laura M.                 | Yes        | Member - Cardano Foundation | Y                 |
| Nathan A.                | No         | Member - EMURGO             | Y                 |
| Wes P.                   | Yes        | Member - Rare Network       | Y                 |
| Martin M.                | Yes        | Member                      | Y                 |
| Vaibhav (Gintama)        | Yes        | Member                      | Y                 |
| Mubarak O.               | No         | Member                      | Y                 |
| Tim H.                   | No         | Member                      | Y                 |
| Rand M.                  | No         | SME - Rare Network          | N                 |
| Natalia                  | Yes        | SME                         | N                 |
| John G.                  | No         | SME                         | N                 |
| Juan S.                  | No         | SME                         | N                 |
| Jose I.                  | Yes        | SME - ADA Solar             | N                 |
| JB                       | No         | SM - Scrib3                 | N                 |

Other Guests:&#x20;

* N/A

## Intros/COI

**Simon:** Simon 'Seomon' Fleck: Interim GMC Chair, Cardano After Dark co-founder, ODIN member\
**Laura:** Laura Mattiucci, Director Marketing and Comms at CF\
**Nate:** Nate Acton, VP of Global Marketing at EMURGO\
**Wes:** TBD\
**Martin:** TBD\
**Vaibhav:** Voting member of bootstrap growth and marketing committee. Voluntary Part of Various Working groups in intersect.\
**Mubarak:** AKA Kit Willow: Voting member of the Growth and Marketing Committee. Community member\
**Tim:** Tim Harrison, EVP Community & Ecosystem, Input | Output\
**Rand:** TBD\
**Natalia:** ADALINK, Interim GMC Non-Voting Member, CEO of AdaLink \
**John:** TBD\
**Juan:** TBD\
**Jose:** TBD\
**Jack:** TBD\
**Tex:** Open Source Program Manager (Intersect), OSC Secretary, Committee Liaison

## Agenda 4.04.25

* Budget Proposal Discussion.&#x20;
* Open Forum

## Decisions/Actions

* **Budget Spreadsheet Work:** Laura Mattiucci agreed to work on the budget spreadsheet and aim for completion by Monday.
* **Proposal Document Collaboration:** The committee agreed to use the shared Google Sheet to collaboratively work on the 2,500-word proposal description, with members identifying their contributions.
* **Target Completion for Proposal:** The committee set a tentative goal to have their proposal answers in the spreadsheet by Monday evening.
* **Endorsement Strategy (Ongoing Discussion):** While not a final decision, the committee discussed and leaned towards a strategy of reviewing individual community proposals and endorsing those they support separately on the platform, rather than subtracting those budget items from their main proposal upfront at this stage.&#x20;

| Topic                                             | Discussion                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | Action Items                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
| ------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Meeting Start                                     | A few members were having a general discussion and check in. The secretary joined in the conversation about the Budget process and remembered to start the recording a few minutes late. Items discussed prior to the recording were related to messages in Discord.                                                                         | N/A                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
| Proposal Review and Resubmission                  | The committee discussed the need to review and potentially update/resubmit their budget proposal, considering upcoming workshops. Terence McCutcheon is working on the details of this process.                                                                                                                                              | Laura Mattiucci will work on the budget spreadsheet and aims to have it ready for Terence McCutcheon to upload by Monday. All members are requested to review the proposal.                                                       |
| Committee Proposal Beneficiary                    | Clarification was provided that for committee proposals, the chair of the committee (Simon) should be listed as the submitter/beneficiary.                                                                                                                                                                                                   | Ensure Simon is listed as the submitter/beneficiary for the main GMC budget proposal.                                                                                                                                             |
| Priority Submission Items                         | Terence McCutcheon outlined the priority submission items as: 1) the budget details in the spreadsheet, 2) the 2,500-word description (based on the Scribe PowerPoint). Additional documents like slides and rationale can also be attached.                                                                                                 | Laura Mattiucci will attach relevant documents (slides, rationale) to the proposal. The committee will aim to finalize the 2,500-word description by Wednesday.                                                                   |
| Working on the Proposal Document                  | Terence McCutcheon shared a Google Sheet containing the full proposal form for collaborative work. Members can add their input, identifying themselves by name in the respective columns. Wednesday can be used to finalize and merge responses if needed.                                                                                   | Committee members to start working on the proposal form in the shared Google Sheet, adding their contributions and identifying themselves.                                                                                        |
| Submission Deadline                               | The submission deadline for the budget proposal is the 9th (likely of April, though the year wasn't explicitly stated it's assumed to be 2025).                                                                                                                                                                                              | Ensure the budget proposal is fully completed and submitted by the deadline of the 9th.                                                                                                                                           |
| Excluding Items Covered by Community Proposals    | The committee discussed how to handle budget items that might be covered by individual community proposals (e.g., Cardano Summit). The debate centered on whether to subtract these from the GMC proposal upfront or endorse the individual proposals separately.                                                                            | The committee needs to reach a consensus on the strategy for handling budget items that overlap with community proposals – either by adjusting the GMC proposal or through separate endorsements. This will be further discussed. |
| GMC Endorsement of Community Proposals            | Terence McCutcheon explained the process for the GMC to endorse community proposals on the platform, which involves commenting on the proposals as "Intersect GMC" (verified).                                                                                                                                                               | The committee will review relevant community proposals and decide which ones to officially endorse via comments on the platform.                                                                                                  |
| Concerns about Pre-Selecting Proposals            | Seomon register expressed concern that subtracting endorsed proposals from the GMC budget upfront might give the impression of pre-selection and could prevent the consideration of potentially better, later proposals.                                                                                                                     | This concern will be taken into account when finalizing the strategy for handling overlapping budget items and endorsements.                                                                                                      |
| Reviewing Incoming Proposals                      | Laura Mattiucci emphasized the importance of reviewing all incoming marketing budget proposals and categorizing them (e.g., endorse, consider for next year, needs improvement). This will be a significant workload.                                                                                                                        | The committee will allocate time to review all submitted marketing budget proposals after the initial GMC budget submission.                                                                                                      |
| Role of DREPs and GMC Expertise                   | The discussion touched on the respective roles of DREPs and the GMC. The GMC sees itself as subject matter experts who should provide recommendations to the DREPs, who may lack specific marketing knowledge.                                                                                                                               | The GMC will aim to provide clear endorsements and potentially constructive feedback on proposals to guide the DREPs.                                                                                                             |
| Flow of Funds and Committee Role Post-Endorsement | Gintama raised questions about where the treasury funds will flow if the GMC endorses a community proposal and the budget passes, and what the committee's role will be (auditing, RFP). Terence McCutcheon indicated this is still somewhat unclear.                                                                                        | Gintama will seek clarification on the fund flow and committee roles in the next AMA with Lloyd.                                                                                                                                  |
| Commenting on Potentially Problematic Proposals   | Gintama inquired if the committee could comment negatively on potentially scam or low-quality proposals. Terence McCutcheon advised caution, suggesting focusing on positive endorsements and abstaining from negative comments under the official GMC handle to maintain a positive image. Individual members can still comment personally. | The official "Intersect GMC" comments will likely focus on endorsements. Individual members can exercise their own judgment on personal comments, keeping professionalism in mind.                                                |
| Proposal Executability within the Fiscal Year     | Wes Parkinson raised concerns about proposals with timelines extending beyond the current fiscal year (2025) and whether DREPs are aware that funded proposals should ideally be executable within that timeframe.                                                                                                                           | Terence McCutcheon will note this concern and try to bring it up in relevant workshops or pass it along to Intersect leadership.                                                                                                  |
| Committee's Right to Express Views                | Seomon register reiterated that the committee has the right to express its views, positive or negative, if they agree on it. Terence McCutcheon reinforced this, while still advising caution regarding negative official comments.                                                                                                          | The committee acknowledges its right to express its views but will exercise discretion and professionalism in official communications.                                                                                            |
| Spreadsheet Collaboration Guidelines              | Terence McCutcheon provided clear guidelines for working on the shared proposal spreadsheet, including putting names over assigned columns and respecting others' contributions.                                                                                                                                                             | Committee members to adhere to the guidelines provided by Terence McCutcheon when working on the shared proposal spreadsheet.                                                                                                     |
