# Meeting Minutes 02/05/2025

## Attendees:&#x20;

| Name                     | Attendance | Role                        | Voting Seat (Y/N) |
| ------------------------ | ---------- | --------------------------- | ----------------- |
| Simon F.                 | Yes        | Interim Chair               | Y                 |
| Terence ‘Tex’ McCutcheon | Yes        | Interim Secretary           | N                 |
| Jack Briggs              | Yes        | Secretary                   | N                 |
| Laura M.                 | Yes        | Member - Cardano Foundation | Y                 |
| Nathan A.                | Yes        | Member - EMURGO             | Y                 |
| Wes P.                   | Yes        | Member - Rare Network       | Y                 |
| Martin M.                | Yes        | Member                      | Y                 |
| Vaibhav (Gintama)        | Yes        | Member                      | Y                 |
| Mubarak O.               | Yes        | Member                      | Y                 |
| Tim H.                   | Yes        | Member                      | Y                 |
| Rand M.                  | Yes        | SME - Rare Network          | N                 |
| Natalia                  | No         | SME                         | N                 |
| John G.                  | No         | SME                         | N                 |
| Juan S.                  | Yes        | SME                         | N                 |
| Jose I.                  | No         | SME - ADA Solar             | N                 |

Other Guests:&#x20;

* Chris Ghent
* Elis Moormaa
* Michaela Burle-Sore

## Intros/COI

Simon.: TBD

Laura.: TBD

Nate: TBD

Wes: TBD

Martin: TBD

Vaibhav: TBD

Mubarak: TBD

Tim: TBD

Rand: TBD

Natalia: TBD

John: TBD

Juan: TBD

Jose: TBD

## Agenda 2.05.25

* First Bootstrap Committee Meeting

## Decisions/Actions

* Decision: N/A

| Topic                                 | Discussion                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | Action Items                                                                                   |
| ------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Contract Risk Management              | Jack Briggs explained the process for managing contract risks. If a risk to delivery arises, the procurement team would be notified, and the committee would be informed. The committee would then support the team and procurement to either complete the contract or nullify it and resubmit the proposal. | <p><br></p>                                                                                    |
| Committee Voting Responsibilities     | Wes Parkinson asked what the committee would be voting on. Jack Briggs clarified that the committee would vote on the specifications for all budget items, including approving the shortlist of candidates for projects and holding the internal team accountable for following the selection process.       | <p><br></p>                                                                                    |
| Diversity & Representation            | Simon Register raised the topic of diversity and representation in the committee. He noted that while there is good representation from various regions, Australia is not currently represented.                                                                                                             | <p><br></p>                                                                                    |
| Committee Structure & Community Input | Terence McCutcheon clarified the committee's structure and emphasized the importance of community input. He explained that the committee would primarily be approving documentation and that subcommittees would be formed to handle specific tasks, such as event pre-review.                               | <p><br></p>                                                                                    |
| Regional Representation & Charter     | Tim Harrison and Kit Willow discussed the importance of regional representation and suggested adding language to the charter to reinforce this commitment.                                                                                                                                                   | Add language to the charter emphasizing regional representation and broad community consensus. |
| Committee Elections                   | Jack Briggs announced that committee elections would be held in April and asked members to consider nominating themselves for election.                                                                                                                                                                      | Members to consider nominating themselves for the April election.                              |
| Discord Channel Updates               | Terence McCutcheon informed the committee about upcoming changes to the Discord channels, including the creation of a committee space and an internal channel.                                                                                                                                               | Terence to create a committee space and internal channel on Discord.                           |
| Budget & ROI                          | The discussion shifted to the budget, with Michaela Burle-Sore emphasizing the need for more detail and clear ROI statements for each line item.                                                                                                                                                             | Add more detail and ROI statements to the budget sheet.                                        |
| ADA Value for Budget                  | Gintama inquired about the ADA value used for the budget calculations. Michaela Burle-Sore clarified that the current sheet uses an ADA value of 0.9 but may be adjusted to 0.5 or 0.3 to mitigate price fluctuation risks.                                                                                  | <p><br></p>                                                                                    |
