# Meeting Minutes 02/21/2025

## Attendees:&#x20;

| Name                     | Attendance | Role                        | Voting Seat (Y/N) |
| ------------------------ | ---------- | --------------------------- | ----------------- |
| Simon F.                 | Yes        | Interim Chair               | Y                 |
| Terence ‘Tex’ McCutcheon | Yes        | Interim Secretary           | N                 |
| Jack Briggs              | Yes        | Secretary                   | N                 |
| Laura M.                 | Yes        | Member - Cardano Foundation | Y                 |
| Nathan A.                | No         | Member - EMURGO             | Y                 |
| Wes P.                   | No         | Member - Rare Network       | Y                 |
| Martin M.                | Yes        | Member                      | Y                 |
| Vaibhav (Gintama)        | Yes        | Member                      | Y                 |
| Mubarak O.               | Yes        | Member                      | Y                 |
| Tim H.                   | Yes        | Member                      | Y                 |
| Rand M.                  | No         | SME - Rare Network          | N                 |
| Natalia                  | Yes        | SME                         | N                 |
| John G.                  | Yes        | SME                         | N                 |
| Juan S.                  | Yes        | SME                         | N                 |
| Jose I.                  | Yes        | SME - ADA Solar             | N                 |

Other Guests:&#x20;

* Lawrence Clark
* Ross Booth (Scrib3)

## Intros/COI

Simon.: TBD

Laura.: TBD

Nate: TBD

Wes: TBD

Martin: TBD

Vaibhav: TBD

Mubarak: TBD

Tim: TBD

Rand: TBD

Natalia: TBD

John: TBD

Juan: TBD

Jose: TBD

## Agenda 2.21.25

* Review Final Budget proposal draft developed by Scrib3

## Decisions/Actions

* **Decision:** Accept Scrib3 as SME **Action:** Poll via Meet inconclusive, Consensus Yes. Re-Poll via Discord
* **Decision:** Release Meeting Minutes **Action:** Release Minutes via GitBook, withhold Recordings, Notes, and Transcripts
* **Decision:** Work from Scrib3 designed Budget Proposal **Action:** Consensus Yes, Poll in Discord to confirm.&#x20;

| Topic                                  | Discussion                                                                                                                                                                                                   | Action Items                                                                                                                                                          |
| -------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Budget Approval Process & Flowchart    | JB presented a flowchart detailing the process, from budget committee approval to vendor onboarding. Discussion on the GMC's role in creating CRDs and selecting vendors.                                    | <p>- JB to share CRD template with the GMC.<br>- GMC to review CRDs and provide feedback.<br>- Intersect to provide support in creating CRDs.</p>                     |
| Committee Requirement Documents (CRDs) | Discussion on the purpose of CRDs, their role in defining the scope of work, and the process for developing them. Emphasis on the GMC's responsibility for finalizing CRDs.                                  | <p>- GMC members to familiarize themselves with the CRD process.<br>- Intersect to offer resources and personnel to assist in CRD creation.</p>                       |
| RFP Process                            | Discussion on how vendors will be selected based on the CRDs, the public bidding process, and the GMC's role in evaluating and selecting vendors.                                                            | <p>- Intersect to manage the RFP process, ensuring transparency and fairness.<br>- GMC to dedicate time for reviewing vendor bids and making selection decisions.</p> |
| Budget Appropriation vs. Spending      | Emphasis on the distinction between budget appropriation (allocation of funds) and actual spending. Clarification that no money has been spent yet and the GMC has no obligation to spend the entire budget. | - GMC to communicate clearly to the community that the budget is an appropriation and no money has been spent yet.                                                    |
| Accountability & Oversight             | JB presented the accountability structure, including the role of MPMs in overseeing vendor partners. Discussion on the number of MPMs needed and their responsibilities.                                     | - GMC to determine the number of MPMs needed and their specific responsibilities.                                                                                     |
| Marketing Program Managers (MPMs)      | In-depth discussion on the role of MPMs, their responsibilities in overseeing vendor partners, and the optimal number needed (potentially 1-2 organizations).                                                | - GMC to conduct further research and analysis to determine the appropriate number of MPMs and define their scope of responsibilities.                                |
| Timeline & Roadmap                     | Suggestion to create a roadmap with timelines for different work streams to provide a clearer picture of the program's execution and potentially allow for a phased approach.                                | - Laura to create a roadmap with timelines for different work streams.                                                                                                |
| Budget Size & Adjustments              | Discussion on potentially downsizing the budget based on community feedback. JB recommended making proportional cuts across all work streams if downsizing is necessary.                                     | - GMC to discuss and decide on potential budget downsizing and adjustments.                                                                                           |
