# Meeting Minutes 06/17/2025

## Attendees:&#x20;

| Name                     | Attendance | Role                        | Voting Seat (Y/N) | Election Cycle |
| ------------------------ | ---------- | --------------------------- | ----------------- | -------------- |
| Wes P.                   | Yes        | Chair                       | Y                 | October 2025   |
| Terence ‘Tex’ McCutcheon | Yes        | Secretary                   | N                 | N/A            |
| Tim H.                   | No         | Vice Chair                  | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Laura M.                 | Yes        | Member - Cardano Foundation | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Nathan A.                | No         | Member - EMURGO             | Y                 | October 2025   |
| Mubarak O.               | Yes        | Member                      | Y                 | October 2025   |
| Anuj C.                  | Yes        | Member                      | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Andy H.                  | Yes        | Member                      | N                 | April 2026     |
| Hasitha R.               | Yes        | Member                      | N                 | April 2026     |
| TBD                      | No         | SME                         | N                 | N/A            |

Other Guests:&#x20;

* John G.
* Jose Iadiccio
* Nadia Mannell
* Juan Sierra

## Intros/COI

**Andy:** TBD\
**Anuj:** TBD\
**Hasitha:** TBD\
**Laura:** Laura Mattiucci, Director Marketing and Comms at CF\
**Mubarak**: AKA Kit Willow: Voting member of the Growth and Marketing Committee.\
Community member\
**Nate:** Nate Acton, VP of Global Marketing at EMURGO\
**Tim:** Tim Harrison, EVP Community & Ecosystem, Input | Output\
**Tex:** Open Source Program Manager (Intersect), OSC Secretary, Committee Liaison\
**Wes:** TBD

## Agenda 6.17.25

* RARE Evo Updates
* Survey Prep
* Open Forum

## Decisions/Actions

* **Summit Dates & Location:** The flagship summit will be held on November 12th and 13th in Berlin, with Day Zero (November 11th) being a hackathon and battle of the builders.
* **Collaborative Timeline:** The committee will begin building a shared timeline/calendar, with all members submitting important dates for inclusion.
* **Product, TSC, & GMC Meeting**: A one-hour meeting with the Product Committee will be held on July 8th.

| Topic                                              | Discussion                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      | Action Items                                                                                                                                                                                                        |
| -------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Welcome and General Check-in                       | John welcomed everyone and thanked Tex for his hard work. Tex noted he was healthy. Members acknowledged the ongoing work and appreciated contributions.                                                                                                                                                        | None                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
| Previous Meeting Review & Updates                  | John asked if anything strange or startling was missed last week. Tex confirmed Wes was officially made Chair of GMC and Tim is the Vice Chair.                                                                                                                                                                 | None                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
| New Attendee Introduction                          | Laura introduced Nadia Mannell, Director of the Academy at CF. Nadia greeted the group.                                                                                                                                                                                                                         | None                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
| Cardano Academy & Certifications                   | John asked Nadia about the "Intro to Blockchain" course and mentioned he took it. Nadia offered a voucher for those interested in Pearson Vue certification on Cardano.                                                                                                                                         | Nadia Mannell: Offer vouchers for Cardano certification exams.                                                                                                                                                      |
| Academy Feedback and Branding                      | Nadia acknowledged feedback about too many follow-up emails for the course and mentioned changes with new branding. Laura stated they are changing messaging.                                                                                                                                                   | Nadia Mannell: Continue to update course messaging and branding based on feedback.                                                                                                                                  |
| Agenda Setting for Today's Meeting                 | Wes shared a sample agenda for building upon, suggesting additions from Nadia and discussing Tim's poll update. Laura requested to add a Summit update.                                                                                                                                                         | Wes Parkinson: Add Summit update to the agenda.                                                                                                                                                                     |
| Quorum Check                                       | Tex noted they were not quite at quorum initially, but later confirmed quorum was met. Reminded committee members to put their names, affiliations, and conflicts of interest.                                                                                                                                  | All Committee Members: Ensure names, affiliations, and conflicts of interest are noted. Be on camera if possible.                                                                                                   |
| Summit Update (November 12-13, Berlin)             | Laura provided an update: the website is being worked on, "save the date" coming soon. The summit will be in Berlin on November 12th and 13th, with a focus on enterprise. Day Zero will be a hackathon + battle of the builders + opening.                                                                     | Laura: Share "save the date" information for the Berlin Summit.                                                                                                                                                     |
| Timeline and Calendar Planning                     | Wes suggested a group effort to add important dates to a shared text document or calendar. Tex confirmed ClickUp access for editing.                                                                                                                                                                            | All Members: Submit important dates for the GMC calendar.                                                                                                                                                           |
| Budgeting Process for Next Year (2026)             | Wes inquired about the timeline for the 2026 budgeting process from Intersect. Tex stated no information was available yet but would share when known. Discussion about taking notes from OSC's successful budget approval.                                                                                     | Tex: Notify GMC when information on the 2026 budget process is available.                                                                                                                                           |
| Proposal Review & Public Engagement                | Discussion on optimizing proposal review, suggesting early exposure to proposals and potentially recording presentations. Laura expressed concern about shaping this without knowing the budget process. Tex offered to facilitate "project spotlight" calls for pitches.                                       | Tex: Facilitate "project spotlight" calls for pre-recorded pitches. GMC Members: Review pre-recorded pitches asynchronously.                                                                                        |
| Calendar and Document Management                   | Tex explained how to use the calendar/list view in ClickUp and mentioned the Google Drive for documentation. Kit Willow asked about linking Intersect on LinkedIn.                                                                                                                                              | All Members: Utilize ClickUp for calendar and Google Drive for documentation. Kit Willow: Update LinkedIn to reflect Intersect affiliation.                                                                         |
| Enterprise Adoption Working Group Update           | Laura stated the Enterprise Adoption Working Group, approved two months ago, has met twice and will present their charter and objectives next week.                                                                                                                                                             | Enterprise Adoption WG: Present charter and objectives at the next meeting.                                                                                                                                         |
| "Voices of Cardano" Series & Marketing Initiatives | Juan (via Tex) suggested focusing on collaboration, interoperability, positive interaction, and a "Voices of Cardano" series. Anuj shared his previous experience with a text-based "Voices of Cardano" series. Kit Willow suggested assigning members to provide weekly development updates on Twitter/spaces. | <p>Laura: Inquire about leveraging the Cardano community channel for "Voices of Cardano."<br>Anuj: Share link to previous "Voices of Cardano" series.<br>GMC Members: Consider regular updates on social media.</p> |
| Transparency & Documentation                       | Tex emphasized the importance of transparency through meeting recordings on YouTube and supporting documentation in the Gitbook. Laura Mattiucci noted that external vendors are reading meeting notes.                                                                                                         | GMC: Ensure meeting recordings and supporting documentation are consistently available to the public.                                                                                                               |
| Upcoming Meetings/Workshops                        | Wes confirmed a Product Committee and GMC committee meeting at the Rare DevGovernance Day in Vegas, plus a GMC workshop. Terrence proposed a one-hour meeting with the product committee on July 8th, directly after the regular meeting.                                                                       | Wes to spin up the next agenda. Wes & Tex to schedule and prepare for the Product Committee/GMC meeting on July 8th and Rare DevGovernance Day workshops.                                                           |
