---
hidden: true
---

# Meeting Minutes 12/02/2025

## Attendees:&#x20;

| **Name**         | **Attendance** | **Role**  | **Voting Seat (Y/N)** | **Election Cycle** |
| ---------------- | -------------- | --------- | --------------------- | ------------------ |
| Tim Harrison     | Yes            | Chair     | Y                     | April 2026         |
| Lara Bonasorte   | Yes            | Secretary | N                     | N/A                |
| Andy Hung        | Yes            | Member    | Y                     | April 2026         |
| Anuj Chaudhary   | No             | Member    | Y                     | April 2026         |
| Hasitha Raymond  | Yes            | Member    | Y                     | April 2026         |
| Laura Mattiucci  | Yes            | Member    | Y                     | April 2026         |
| Maggie Schmidt   | No             | Member    | Y                     | October 206        |
| Otavio Lima      | No             | Member    | Y                     | October 2026       |
| Reshan Fernando  | Yes            | Member    | Y                     | October 2026       |
| Wes Parkinson    | Yes            | Member    | Y                     | October 2026       |
| Yoram Ben Zvi    | Yes            | Member    | Y                     | October 2026       |

Other Guests:&#x20;

* Francisco Ribeiro
* Jashar Seyfi
* Mary Yusuf
* Natalie Tillack
* Pedro Lucas
* Terence McCutcheon
* Wilco van de Burgwal

**Recording:** [Growth & Marketing Committee - 2025/12/02 05:59 CST - Recording](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1M1Q9jubnHXWOMJCCfXTaGGvlncCmSYrG/view?usp=sharing)

**Transcript:** [Growth & Marketing Committee - 2025/12/02 05:59 CST - Transcript](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1OxR6o2U-Fj6LkNwewDDTQdvI8Hex2gpekj9utkIc3V4/edit?usp=sharing)

**Chat Transcript:** [Growth & Marketing Committee - 2025/12/02 05:59 CST - Chat](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1GH2833SXfzKqybyG5OyxuDUJbaoTjhfxkEzsEl0_Psw/edit?usp=sharing)

## Intros/COI

**Andy:** Pacific Meta\
**Anuj:** Yoroi Wallet & EMURGO India Lead\
**Hasitha:** Elected Member(GMC), Intersect / Cardano Ecosystem Contributor since 2020\
**Laura:** Director Marketing and Comms at CF\
**Maggie:** TBD\
**Otavio:** TBD\
**Reshan:** TBD\
**Tim:** EVP Community & Ecosystem, Input | Output\
**Tex:** Open Source Program Manager(Intersect), OSC Secretary, Committee Liaison\
**Wes:** Rare Network\
**Yoram:** TBD

## Agenda 12.02.25

* Agreeing on EOY/Q1 GMC objectives
* Vote for Vice Chair

## Decisions/Actions

**Decisions**

* The committee formally agreed that its primary role is to steer, counsel, and coordinate, emphasizing coherence over conformity and explicitly avoiding execution or acting as a PR department.
* The committee decided to prioritize defining Northstar KPIs to align marketing and growth efforts across the broader ecosystem strategically.
* The committee agreed to conduct a fresh review of its objectives every three months to adapt to the evolving technological roadmap and governance environment.

**Actions**

* Tim will start working on a template and initial thoughts for the Problem Statement Document and associated KPIs, and will refresh the in-scope/out-of-scope list based on the feedback received during the discussion.
* Tim will ensure the Problem Statement Document and KPIs are well socialized among DREPs in early 2026.
* Lara and Terence will gather Vice Chair candidates and set up the Vice Chair vote in the members' area, aiming to complete the vote before the holiday period.
* Wes will pursue the suggestion to create a Vendor Working Group to connect external vendors with DREPs better.
* All Committee Members are expected to attend next week's meeting prepared to review the draft problem statements/scope and begin assigning ownership for specific areas.

| **Topic**                               | **Discussion**                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | **Notes**                                                                                                                                        |
| --------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| GMC Purpose & Alignment                 | Tim emphasized the need for the committee to align on its core purpose, especially following the critical integrations proposal. The goal for next week is to align on who the committee is, its core purpose, and focus areas for the next three months. The role is about coherence, not conformity, and steering and counsel for the decentralized ecosystem. | Goal: Achieve broad alignment on GMC purpose and priorities by next week's meeting.                                                              |
| Northstar KPIs & Strategy               | Tim proposed defining Northstar KPIs (Key Performance Indicators) for marketing and growth to steer the wider ecosystem's budget and initiatives. Decentralization does not mean disorganization; KPIs provide aligned direction.                                                                                                                                | Focus on defining a core group of marketing and growth-focused KPIs.                                                                             |
| GMC Scope & Evolution                   | Tim stressed that the charter needs to evolve. The committee must redefine its scope, recognizing the slow-then-rapid pace of Cardano's technological changes (like new technical capabilities) and the maturation of governance. A fresh look at objectives every three months is proposed.                                                                     | Need for agility; quarterly review of objectives based on roadmap and ecosystem changes.                                                         |
| Defining What the GMC Is Not            | The committee is explicitly not an execution team, a PR department, or the Intersect marketing department. It is not a gatekeeper and does not own the narrative or control budgets. It's a volunteer body with time/authority constraints.                                                                                                                      | Focus on achievable goals within constraints. Need to be less ambitious initially and nail down key deliverables.                                |
| Core Purpose: Coordination vs. Control  | The role is to help coordinate, not control. This includes creating shared KPIs to identify growth bottlenecks and marketing frailties (e.g., narrative handling during incidents like the partition). It's about guidance and support for the wider ecosystem.                                                                                                  | Focus on coordination, helping DREPs, and amplifying ecosystem success.                                                                          |
| In-Scope vs. Out-of-Scope Activities    | In-Scope likely includes: recommendations on budget allocation by KPI, narrative alignment (creating a "message house"), and creating reusable marketing assets. Out-of-Scope includes: most forms of execution, direct budget control, approving/rejecting funding. The "gray area" may include counsel to the Intersect executive.                             | Aim to clearly define what is in, out, and in the gray area of the committee's remit.                                                            |
| Community Survey & Challenge Statements | The summer survey identified key challenges (e.g., insufficient liquidity, weak DeFi visibility, external visibility). These problems must be addressed, potentially by creating challenge statements and then defining what to do with them.                                                                                                                    | Top challenges from the survey will inform problem statements. Singapore 2026 Summit mentioned as a key external visibility opportunity.         |
| Areas of Most Influence                 | Influential areas include: identifying Northstar Metrics, Narrative Alignment, Coordination with other Intersect committees (Civics, Budget), providing an advisory function for DREPs, and Strategic Framing for Proposals (recommending funding categories).                                                                                                   | Less involvement in the "economics of growth" (interoperability, institutional finance flow). The focus should be on defined, committed actions. |
| High-Level Priorities                   | Tim's top three immediate thoughts: Driving liquidity/interest (e.g., following integrations proposal), a Shift in Narrative (to reflect new tech like Hydra, ZK, and current value proposition), and a Refresh Narrative.                                                                                                                                       | Need to align around challenge statements and KPIs first. Focus on ecosystem activation and event execution.                                     |
