# Meeting Minutes 11/18/2025

## Attendees:&#x20;

| Name             | Attendance | Role      | Voting Seat (Y/N) | Election Cycle |
| ---------------- | ---------- | --------- | ----------------- | -------------- |
| Tim Harrison     | Yes        | Chair     | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Lara Bonasorte   | Yes        | Secretary | N                 | N/A            |
| Andy Hung        | No         | Member    | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Anuj Chaudhary   | Yes        | Member    | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Hasitha Raymond  | Yes        | Member    | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Laura Mattiucci  | No         | Member    | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Maggie Schmidt   | No         | Member    | Y                 | October 206    |
| Otavio Lima      | No         | Member    | Y                 | October 2026   |
| Reshan Fernando  | No         | Member    | Y                 | October 2026   |
| Wes Parkinson    | No         | Member    | Y                 | October 2026   |
| Yoram Ben Zvi    | No         | Member    | Y                 | October 2026   |

Other Guests:&#x20;

* John G.
* Jashar Seyfi
* Natalie Tillack
* Terence McCutcheon
* Wilco van de Burgwal

&#x20;

**Recording:** [Growth & Marketing Committee - 2025/11/18 - Recording](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1GEMwAJGOAzwij_YpNULPq6glVtMMTTPC/view?usp=sharing)

**Transcript:** [Growth & Marketing Committee - 2025/11/18 - Transcript](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1YC3XPksSsIgKegKdX4nvrKX4EjpyQJ7FdaEhtYcTjxY/edit?usp=sharing)

**Chat Transcript:** [Growth & Marketing Committee - 2025/11/18 - Chat](https://drive.google.com/file/d/145gLQdADaKeqC1DbBEevABgId2pMGgSN/view?usp=sharing)

## Intros/COI

**Andy:** Pacific Meta\
**Anuj:** Yoroi Wallet & EMURGO India Lead\
**Hasitha:** Elected Member(GMC), Intersect / Cardano Ecosystem Contributor since 2020\
**Laura:** Director Marketing and Comms at CF\
**Tim:** EVP Community & Ecosystem, Input | Output\
**Tex:** Open Source Program Manager (Intersect), OSC/MCC Secretary, Committee Liaison\
**Wes:** Rare Network

## Agenda 11.18.25

* &#x20;Open Forum

## Decisions/Actions

Decisions

* **Next Meeting Agenda Set:** The agenda for the subsequent Growth & Marketing Committee (GMC) meeting was decided upon.
  * 30 minutes will be dedicated to reviewing the Polkadot marketing survey insights (to be shared by Natalie/Yashar).
  * 30 minutes will be dedicated to discussing the next steps and planning for 2026.
  * The 2026 planning will include putting down items, discussing a potential white paper, reviewing projects from the previous year for re-submission/publicity, and accomplishing Q1 goals (e.g., updates to kadan.org).

Actions

* **IBW Post Creation:** Anuj will ask the individual organizing the India Blockchain Week (IBW) booth to create a post for the event, similar to a previous token post, for amplification on social media.
* **Feedback/Survey Sharing:** Natalie and Yashar will prepare and share their thoughts/findings from the Polkadot marketing survey with the committee for the next GMC session.
* **Email for File Sharing:** Tex provided an email address for attendees to submit any files (like the survey results) they wish to review in the next meeting.
* **Internal Access Check:** Tex will check or confirm that Octávio has access to the internal voting members' channel.

| Topic                               | Discussion                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         | Notes                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |
| ----------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| India Events Recap                  | Anuj provided a recap of upcoming events in India: a hackathon, a side event with policy makers/officials on Nov 30th, and participation in India Blockchain Week (IBW).                                                                           | Anuj noted that this will be Cardano's first-ever booth at IBW, with expected attendance of 15,000+ people.                                                                                                                  |
| India Blockchain Week Booth         | Laura inquired about a post for the IBW booth to amplify on X, similar to a previous token post.                                                                                                                                                   | Anuj confirmed he would ask the organizer to create a post for wider amplification.                                                                                                                                          |
| IBW Booth Details                   | Anuj mentioned big Layer 1 projects (Aptos, Base Chain, Avalanche) will be at IBW. Cardano will feature native projects from India and other jurisdictions (e.g., Sri Lanka, Hong Kong, Deltaf, Coinsion CVI, Trioltech, Newcast Sync AI network). | The booth will allow for more time to receive feedback and reconnect with developers.                                                                                                                                        |
| Upcoming Events                     | Laura checked if IBW was the last event for the year before going to London and Africa.                                                                                                                                                            | Anuj confirmed this was the last major event for the current calendar year.                                                                                                                                                  |
| New Marketing Committee Members     | Tex shared the results of the recent election for the Marketing Committee (MC).                                                                                                                                                                    | New members include Yoram, Otávio, Maggie, and Reshan.                                                                                                                                                                       |
| Attendee Introductions              | Laura introduced Natalie and Yashar, who attended the Berlin Summit and the GMC session.                                                                                                                                                           | Natalie and Yashar introduced their background in product marketing, deep tech, and management consulting, and their work in bringing marketing and sales enablement to web3 ecosystems. They are looking to join Intersect. |
| Microphone Issues                   | Attendees experienced issues with unmuting themselves at the start of the meeting.                                                                                                                                                                 | Tex confirmed the settings should allow visitors to unmute, and Natalie and Yashar eventually managed to speak.                                                                                                              |
| New MC Member Check-in              | Laura welcomed Octávio and checked in on the other new members (Yurum, Wes) who were at other events.                                                                                                                                              | Octávio confirmed he received the invite and was happy to join.                                                                                                                                                              |
| Polkadot Marketing Survey           | Natalie offered to share insights from a large marketing survey conducted for the Polkadot ecosystem, noting similarities to Cardano's perceived gaps.                                                                                             | Laura suggested allocating 30 minutes for this topic at the next meeting.                                                                                                                                                    |
| Next Meeting Agenda (2026 Planning) | Laura proposed the agenda for the next Growth & Marketing Committee (GMC) meeting.                                                                                                                                                                 | Agenda items: Review of Polkadot survey (30 mins), next steps/2026 planning (30 mins), reviewing past projects for re-submission/publicity, and Q1 goals (e.g., kadan.org).                                                  |
| Governance Promotion / DREP Problem | John raised the issue of DREP delegation (the "oligopoly" problem) as a roadblock to promoting Cardano's unique governance. He proposed an on-chain transaction solution involving a "lottery" as an incentive for delegating to smaller DREPs.    | John suggested this idea (fixing governance while promoting it) for future consideration to fully utilize Cardano's governance capabilities.                                                                                 |
| Discord Channel Sharing             | Laura shared the general Discord channel for the entire growth and marketing group.                                                                                                                                                                | Tex confirmed that Octávio should already have access to the internal group channel.                                                                                                                                         |
