# Meeting Minutes 05/28/2025

## Attendees:&#x20;

| Name                     | Attendance | Role                        | Voting Seat (Y/N) | Election Cycle |
| ------------------------ | ---------- | --------------------------- | ----------------- | -------------- |
| TBD                      | No         | Chair                       | Y                 | <p><br></p>    |
| Terence ‘Tex’ McCutcheon | Yes        | Secretary                   | N                 | N/A            |
| TBD                      | No         | Vice Chair                  | Y                 | <p><br></p>    |
| Laura M.                 | Yes        | Member - Cardano Foundation | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Nathan A.                | Yes        | Member - EMURGO             | Y                 | October 2025   |
| Tim H.                   | No         | Member - IOG                | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Wes P.                   | No         | Member - Rare Network       | Y                 | October 2025   |
| Mubarak O.               | No         | Member                      | Y                 | October 2025   |
| Anuj C.                  | Yes        | Member                      | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Andy H.                  | No         | Member                      | N                 | April 2026     |
| Hasitha R.               | Yes        | Member                      | N                 | April 2026     |
| TBD                      | No         | SME                         | N                 | N/A            |
| TBD                      | No         | SME                         | N                 | N/A            |
| TBD                      | No         | SME                         | N                 | N/A            |

Other Guests:&#x20;

* Gnobudy John
* JB
* Jose Iadiccio

## Intros/COI

**Andy:** TBD\
**Anuj:** TBD\
**Hasitha:** TBD\
**Laura:** Laura Mattiucci, Director Marketing and Comms at CF\
**Mubarak:** AKA Kit Willow: Voting member of the Growth and Marketing Committee.\
Community member\
**Nate:** Nate Acton, VP of Global Marketing at EMURGO\
**Tim:** Tim Harrison, EVP Community & Ecosystem, Input | Output\
**Tex:** Open Source Program Manager (Intersect), OSC Secretary, Committee Liaison\
**Wes:** TBD

## Agenda 5.28.25

* &#x20;Open Forum

## Decisions/Actions

* Nathaniel Acton will vote on the Discord poll for meeting times.&#x20;
* JB will talk with the IOHK team about sharing the marketing campaign preparation documents with the community.&#x20;
* Laura Mattiucci's team will conduct community polls for feedback on new merchandise items.&#x20;
* Laura Mattiucci's team will allocate resources to developer content and strategies for targeting developers from other ecosystems (e.g., Ethereum).&#x20;
* Terence McCutcheon will launch the developer advocate application in the next few weeks.&#x20;
* Laura Mattiucci will help Terence McCutcheon set up a meeting with Fabian regarding developer support.&#x20;
* Terence McCutcheon confirmed that only voting members need to vote on Discord polls for meeting times.&#x20;

| Topic                                       | Discussion                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | Action Items                                                                                                                                      |
| ------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Meeting Quorum & Attendance                 | The meeting started without a full quorum of five voting members. Terence McCutcheon noted that Kit won't be able to join until the top of the hour. Discussion about moving the meeting time to accommodate more members, with a suggestion of Tuesdays 1.5 hours earlier. Current quorum is five voting members.                                                                                           | Terence McCutcheon to try and tag Andy, Kit, and Wes in Discord to encourage attendance.                                                          |
| Discord Poll for Meeting Time               | Laura Mattiucci asked if everyone had voted on the Discord poll for meeting times. Nathaniel Acton had not but offered to do so immediately. The current poll results indicate Wednesday at 1 PM UTC or 30 minutes prior.                                                                                                                                                                                    | Nathaniel Acton to vote on the Discord poll for meeting times.                                                                                    |
| ADA Holder Engagement & Marketing Campaigns | Anuj Chaudhary raised questions about Intersect's Twitter ads, specifically regarding their purpose (onboarding new users vs. engaging current ADA holders) and metrics. JB explained that the "Get Out the Vote" campaign aimed to promote participation in decentralized governance and build Cardano's brand. He mentioned targeting through in-wallet inventory for more precise reach with ADA holders. | JB to share the marketing campaign preparation documents with the community, if approved by IOHK.                                                 |
| Education for New Users                     | Anuj Chaudhary suggested more educational content for new users, especially regarding DRIPs and delegation, as these concepts are new even for many ADA holders. Terence McCutcheon asked about the entry funnel for new users and how to convert non-ADA holders into active participants in the ecosystem.                                                                                                 | Explore creating more educational content (e.g., video ads) to simplify concepts like DRIPs and governance for new and existing ADA holders.      |
| Cardano.org as a Central Hub                | Laura Mattiucci emphasized the importance of using cardano.org as the central page for all Cardano-related information, advocating for consolidation of resources currently spread across various platforms.                                                                                                                                                                                                 | Community members are encouraged to submit changes and contribute to cardano.org.                                                                 |
| Event Budget & Treasury Withdrawals         | Laura Mattiucci provided an update on the events budget, specifically for Rare Evo, highlighting challenges due to delayed treasury withdrawals and the need for upfront deposits. Nathaniel Acton clarified that a direct treasury withdrawal would be needed, not an "info action." Discussion about the difficulty of passing treasury withdrawals with a 67% vote.                                       | Laura Mattiucci to continue working with Jack to secure partial funds for event deposits.                                                         |
| Merchandise Strategy                        | Discussion around merchandise for events. Hasitha Raymond shared examples of merchandise from past Sri Lanka events (t-shirts, caps, mugs, pens, pins, stickers, notebooks). Nathaniel Acton raised the question of what conference merchandise attendees actually use.                                                                                                                                      | Laura Mattiucci's team to conduct community polls for feedback on new merchandise items.                                                          |
| Developer Onboarding & Hackathons           | Laura Mattiucci highlighted the need to focus on onboarding new developers, guiding them through the learning process, and connecting them with investors. Jose Iadicicco discussed plans for hackathons, including an upcoming one at the University of Rio to attract new developers.                                                                                                                      | Laura Mattiucci's team to allocate resources to developer content and strategies for targeting developers from other ecosystems (e.g., Ethereum). |
| Developer Advocate Program                  | Terence McCutcheon announced the upcoming launch of a developer advocate application, aiming to onboard developers with 1-3 years of experience for a part-time commitment. The goal is to have advocates host developer experience working groups and become resonant experts in core Cardano areas.                                                                                                        | Terence McCutcheon to share the developer advocate application on Intersect OS social media when launched.                                        |
| Future Budget Planning                      | Discussion about the need for a longer budget cycle (18-24 months) instead of the current one-year budget, due to complexities in planning and securing funds for events.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | Continue pushing for a longer-term budget plan (18-24 months) instead of the current annual cycle.                                                |
| Chair Nominations & Meeting Scheduling      | Terence McCutcheon reminded members to submit chair nominations in the GMC internal thread. He also noted that the meeting times are still disjointed and a new time needs to be found that works for everyone.                                                                                                                                                                                              | Members interested in the chair position to put out nomination information in the GMC internal thread.                                            |
