# Meeting Minutes 07/29/2025

## Attendees:&#x20;

<table data-header-hidden><thead><tr><th></th><th width="111.80859375"></th><th width="187.06640625"></th><th width="187.171875"></th><th></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Name</td><td>Attendance</td><td>Role</td><td>Voting Seat (Y/N)</td><td>Election Cycle</td></tr><tr><td>Wes P.</td><td>Yes</td><td>Chair</td><td>Y</td><td>October 2025</td></tr><tr><td>Terence ‘Tex’ McCutcheon</td><td>Yes</td><td>Secretary</td><td>N</td><td>N/A</td></tr><tr><td>Tim H.</td><td>Yes</td><td>Vice Chair</td><td>Y</td><td>April 2026</td></tr><tr><td>Laura M. </td><td>No</td><td>Member - Cardano Foundation</td><td>Y</td><td>April 2026</td></tr><tr><td>Nathan A.</td><td>Yes</td><td>Member - EMURGO</td><td>Y</td><td>October 2025</td></tr><tr><td>Mubarak O.</td><td>No</td><td>Member</td><td>Y</td><td>October 2025</td></tr><tr><td>Anuj C. </td><td>Yes</td><td>Member</td><td>Y</td><td>April 2026</td></tr><tr><td>Andy H.</td><td>No</td><td>Member</td><td>N</td><td>April 2026</td></tr><tr><td>Hasitha R.</td><td>Yes</td><td>Member</td><td>N</td><td>April 2026</td></tr></tbody></table>

Other Guests:&#x20;

* Elis Moorma
* Elizabeth Dickerson
* John G.&#x20;
* Jose Iadiccio
* Juan Sierra
* Paula ‘Merge Madrid’
* Phil Lewis
* Simo Simovic

## Intros/COI

**Andy:** Pacific Meta\
**Anuj:** Yoroi Wallet & EMURGO India Lead\
**Hasitha:** Elected Member(GMC), Intersect / Cardano Ecosystem Contributor since 2020\
**Laura:** Director Marketing and Comms at CF\
**Mubarak:** AKA Kit Willow: Voting member of the GMC, Community member\
**Nate:** VP of Global Marketing at EMURGO\
**Tim:** EVP Community & Ecosystem, Input | Output\
**Tex:** Open Source Program Manager (Intersect), OSC/MCC Secretary, Committee Liaison\
**Wes:** Rare Network

## Agenda 7.29.25

* Poll Review/Final Thoughts
* GMC Workshop Questions
* EGA Deliverables Review
* Tweet Review
* Open Forum

## Decisions/Actions

Decisions:

* **Decision:** The primary goal for the Rare Evo Gov Dev Day session is to introduce the poll, gather initial views, and drive broader engagement.
* **Decision:** One of the three workshop questions will be: "How can the GMC effectively communicate marketing proposals and initiatives to the DREPs?"
* **Decision:** The EGA wg will proceed with the updated charter, focusing on developing a mapping tool and a business development framework.
* **Decision:** A GMC video will be filmed at Developer Governance Day to promote the committee.
* **Decision:** Ads for unified events and regional summits will be created and run on the Rare Evo live stream to push for votes on GMC-endorsed marketing proposals.
* **Decision:** Next week's GMC call will be canceled due to Rare Evo.

Actions:

* **Action:** The poll's questions will be reordered to start with multiple-choice options before requiring user input.
* **Action:** Tex to add text boxes for "other" options in relevant poll questions.
* **Action:** The wording of the "treasury spending" question will be tweaked for clarity.
* **Action:** Volunteers from the group are needed to test-drive the poll and provide feedback on its logic and content before its public release.
* **Action:** The team needs to brainstorm two additional questions for the workshop.
* **Action:** Jose will add suggested text to the charter document to incorporate the academic and university argument for Cardano's adoption.

| Topic                                               | Discussion                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       | Notes                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
| --------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Welcome & Personal Updates                          | Elis is stepping in for Laura today, who is on holiday. Everyone else exchanged greetings.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       | <p><br></p>                                                                                                                                                                                              |
| Merch Event Introduction                            | Jose received a call from Paola from Merch Event, a major blockchain event in Madrid in October. Paola was available to briefly introduce the event to the team. Wes suggested Paola speak during the second half of the call due to Tim's limited availability.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 | Paola to introduce Merch Event later in the call.                                                                                                                                                        |
| Tim's Initiative & Poll                             | Tim apologized for his limited time. Wes explained the goal is to release Tim's poll by Friday, with Text formatting it in Typeform. They also planned to discuss the GMC workshop and a tweet about it.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         | Poll to be released by Friday. GMC workshop and tweet to be discussed.                                                                                                                                   |
| Rare Evo Gov Dev Day Session                        | Tim explained the half-hour slot at Rare Evo Gov Dev Day would introduce the poll, facilitate brief discussions, and capture initial views. The session will be live-streamed. They discussed potentially having table representatives record conversations for qualitative data. The primary objective is to raise awareness of the poll and drive broader engagement.                                                                                                                                          | Rare Evo session to introduce poll, capture initial feedback, and drive engagement.                                                                                                                      |
| Poll Walkthrough & Feedback                         | Tex shared the Typeform poll. Tim provided commentary on each question, including identifying primary roles, ecosystem experience, location, involvement in other web3 ecosystems, and marketing weaknesses. John suggested reordering questions and making the initial questions multiple-choice to ease user experience. Jose suggested adding a follow-up question for deeper explanations on choices.                                                                                                        | Poll needs reordering and some questions adjusted for clarity (e.g., adding text boxes for "other" options, tweaking wording on "treasury spending" question). Volunteers needed to test-drive the poll. |
| Marketing Targets                                   | The discussion focused on who Cardano's marketing should target. John suggested adding "celebrities/influencers" as an option.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | Consider adding "celebrities/influencers" as a marketing target.                                                                                                                                         |
| GMC Workshop Questions                              | Wes proposed a two-minute intro for the GMC workshop at Developer Governance Day, followed by breakout sessions to discuss three questions. John suggested a question about fostering a community vibe among DREPs, potentially including regional DREP events. Wes refined this to "How can the GMC effectively communicate marketing proposals and initiatives to the DREPs?"                                                                                                                                  | Agreed on one workshop question: "How can the GMC effectively communicate marketing proposals and initiatives to the DREPs?" Need to brainstorm two more questions.                                      |
| Merch Event Presentation                            | Paola presented Merch Event, highlighting its focus on connecting European and Latin American web3 ecosystems. She detailed past events, speaker profiles, and the three-event structure of the Madrid conference (institutional, general, and tech summit/hackathon). She mentioned Lace and Input Output as sponsors and emphasized their unique position in bridging Latin American markets.                                                                                                                  | Paola provided a comprehensive overview of Merch Event, emphasizing its focus on European and Latin American web3 connections.                                                                           |
| Enterprise Government Adoption Working Group Update | Phil provided an update on the Enterprise Government Adoption working group, presenting an updated charter document with clear deliverables. The main focus is a mapping tool on Cardano.org to guide enterprises and governments to suitable ecosystem partners. They also aim to create a framework/blueprint for business development in adoption. Jose emphasized the importance of including academic and university support as a key argument. Juan shared an example of a tele-medicine project with FIU. | Updated charter for the Enterprise Government Adoption working group focuses on a mapping tool and a business development framework. Jose requested explicit inclusion of academic/university support.   |
| GMC Video & Ads                                     | Wes announced plans to film a GMC video at Developer Governance Day, featuring committee members, to promote the committee and its initiatives. They will also create ads for unified events and regional summits to garner votes for GMC-endorsed marketing proposals.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          | GMC video and ads for unified events/regional summits planned for Rare Evo live stream.                                                                                                                  |
| Next Meeting                                        | Wes informed the team he would likely be absent from the next GMC call due to Rare Evo. Terence suggested canceling next week's call altogether, which was agreed upon by the attendees.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         | Next week's GMC call is canceled due to Rare Evo.                                                                                                                                                        |
