# Meeting Minutes 07/15/2025

## Attendees:&#x20;

<table data-header-hidden><thead><tr><th width="219.9921875"></th><th></th><th width="111.03515625"></th><th width="156.65625"></th><th></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Name</td><td>Attendance</td><td>Role</td><td>Voting Seat (Y/N)</td><td>Election Cycle</td></tr><tr><td>Wes P.</td><td>Yes</td><td>Chair</td><td>Y</td><td>October 2025</td></tr><tr><td>Terence ‘Tex’ McCutcheon</td><td>Yes</td><td>Secretary</td><td>N</td><td>N/A</td></tr><tr><td>Tim H.</td><td>No</td><td>Vice Chair</td><td>Y</td><td>April 2026</td></tr><tr><td>Laura M. </td><td>Yes</td><td>Member </td><td>Y</td><td>April 2026</td></tr><tr><td>Nathan A.</td><td>No</td><td>Member </td><td>Y</td><td>October 2025</td></tr><tr><td>Mubarak O.</td><td>No</td><td>Member</td><td>Y</td><td>October 2025</td></tr><tr><td>Anuj C. </td><td>Yes</td><td>Member</td><td>Y</td><td>April 2026</td></tr><tr><td>Andy H.</td><td>No</td><td>Member</td><td>N</td><td>April 2026</td></tr><tr><td>Hasitha R.</td><td>Yes</td><td>Member</td><td>N</td><td>April 2026</td></tr><tr><td>TBD</td><td>No</td><td>SME</td><td>N</td><td>N/A</td></tr></tbody></table>

Other Guests:&#x20;

* Elizabeth Morrison
* Gintama
* John G.&#x20;
* Jose Iadiccio
* Juan Sierra
* Nadia Mannell
* Tim Richmond

## Intros/COI

**Andy:** TBD\
**Anuj:** Yoroi Wallet & EMURGO India Lead\
**Hasitha:** TBD\
**Laura:** Director Marketing and Comms at CF\
**Mubarak:** AKA Kit Willow: Voting member of the Growth and Marketing Committee.\
Community member\
**Nate:** VP of Global Marketing at EMURGO\
**Tim:** EVP Community & Ecosystem, Input | Output\
**Tex:** Open Source Program Manager (Intersect), OSC Secretary, Committee Liaison\
**Wes:** Chair - Rare Network GMC

## Agenda 07.15.25

* &#x20;Open Forum

## Decisions/Actions

* **Discord Access for Nadia:** Nadia to DM Terence for assistance with her Discord access issues.
* **GMC Poll/Survey:** Terence will prepare the GMC poll/survey for testing by the end of the week.
* **Product Committee Collaboration:** Juan will coordinate with Wes for a half-hour chat to discuss the Product Committee's agenda items and potential collaborations.
* **India Blockchain Week Event Details:** Anuj will share the program details for the India Blockchain Week hackathon and update the event information on Cardano.org. Laura requested the program details for linking and updating the Cardano.org page.
* **Rare Evo Passes:** Wes offered GA passes to Rare Evo for GMC members; interested individuals should DM him or Rare Network.
* **General Engagement:** All committee members are encouraged to actively engage in Discord and ClickUp to improve communication and agenda setting.

| Topic                                               | Discussion                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               | Notes                                                                                                                                                                                                            |
| --------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Latam Summit in Buenos Aires                        | Jose announced that the Latam Summit would be held in Buenos Aires in November. He mentioned it would be a "blockchain month" with several impactful events, including Bitcom, Ethereum, Paul Kadot's event, and the Cardano Summit.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     | Attendees interested in traveling for the events should plan for November.                                                                                                                                       |
| Discord Access Issues                               | Nadia was having trouble accessing Discord. Terence offered to help her resolve the issue.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               | Nadia to DM Terence for assistance with Discord access.                                                                                                                                                          |
| GMC Poll/Survey                                     | Wes and Laura discussed the GMC poll/survey. Wes noted that they don't have Tim (who was managing it) today and might need to wait until next week to send it out, though it still allows a couple of weeks to collect information. Terence mentioned Tim should be back tomorrow and he plans to get the survey ready for testing by the end of the week.                                                                                                                               | Terence to prepare the survey for testing by the end of the week.                                                                                                                                                |
| Tim's Role and Communications Strategy              | Tim explained his role in communications for Intersect, highlighting the challenge of managing diverse committee objectives. He emphasized the need for a unified approach to content and for Intersect to serve as a resource for committees, offering context and amplification. He also discussed the goal of facilitating "liquid democracy" by enabling DREPs to share their views on governance actions, allowing ADA holders to delegate to DREPs that align with their opinions. | Tim is a resource for Intersect to help coordinate communications and provide context.                                                                                                                           |
| 2026 Budget Process                                 | Laura expressed frustration with the delayed budget process for 2026, stating that the template won't be available until December, which is too late for event planning. Tim acknowledged the frustration and explained that the current focus is on getting governance actions on-chain and ensuring DREPs understand the fund disbursement process. He mentioned discussions about supporting specialist administrators to manage the increasing volume of proposals.                  | Budget process for 2026 is delayed due to focus on current governance actions. Discussions are underway to streamline the process for future cycles.                                                             |
| Challenges with Multiple MBOs and Governance Voting | John raised concerns about the feasibility of multiple MBOs (Member-Based Organizations) getting 51% approval when even one MBO is struggling, especially with Charles expecting dozens in the future. Laura referenced the Pragma budget as an example of successful funding through transparency and documentation. John also highlighted the issue of DREPs negotiating down proposals and the 67% supermajority requirement.                                                         | The consensus was that greater transparency and clear explanations are needed for governance actions. The 67% supermajority was viewed as a potential hurdle, especially with an increasing number of proposals. |
| Treasury Withdrawals (CIP-39)                       | Anuj asked for a timeline for CIP-39 treasury withdrawals. Tim stated they were working on uploading them and expected them to be available today.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       | Treasury withdrawals (CIP-39) are expected to be uploaded today.                                                                                                                                                 |
| India Blockchain Week and Amuro Event               | Anuj announced that Amuro would host a hackathon as a side event at India Blockchain Week (IBW) on November 29-30, targeting 300+ developers, including multi-chain developers. They are in talks with IBW to gather more participants and will have a booth at IBW. Laura requested the program details and to link the event on Cardano.org.                                                                                                                                           | Anuj to share the program and update event details on Cardano.org. Focus on Akin and Rust for developers.                                                                                                        |
| Rare Evo Invitation                                 | Wes invited attendees to Rare Evo, offering GA passes to GMC members.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | DM Wes or Rare Network for a GA pass to Rare Evo.                                                                                                                                                                |
| Product Committee Updates                           | Juan provided updates on the Product Committee's initiatives, including community meetings to connect projects with the public, a potential partnership with "The Many" (Bobby), a pilot telemedicine project with Haiti, and collaboration with Florida International University (FIU) on subjects. He also mentioned a project with Avocado and Cardano Foundation, and a focus on the 2030 vision.                                                                                    | Juan to coordinate with Wes for a half-hour chat to discuss the Product Committee's agenda items and potential collaborations.                                                                                   |
| Intersect Elections                                 | Tim announced upcoming Intersect elections in September (board elections to expand from two to four member-based seats) and October (committee elections). He encouraged good quality candidates for both.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               | Campaign for candidates to be launched soon. More information on timelines and registration to follow.                                                                                                           |
| Meeting Conduct and Discord/ClickUp Engagement      | Terence reminded committee members to be active on Discord and ClickUp to improve communication and agenda setting. Wes encouraged everyone to use the chat for introductions and affiliations.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          | Members to actively engage in Discord and ClickUp.                                                                                                                                                               |
