# Meeting Minutes 12/16/2025

## Attendees:&#x20;

| Name             | Attendance | Role      | Voting Seat (Y/N) | Election Cycle |
| ---------------- | ---------- | --------- | ----------------- | -------------- |
| Tim Harrison     | Yes        | Chair     | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Lara Bonasorte   | Yes        | Secretary | N                 | N/A            |
| Andy Hung        | Yes        | Member    | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Anuj Chaudhary   | Yes        | Member    | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Hasitha Raymond  | Yes        | Member    | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Laura Mattiucci  | No         | Member    | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Maggie Schmidt   | No         | Member    | Y                 | October 206    |
| Otavio Lima      | No         | Member    | Y                 | October 2026   |
| Reshan Fernando  | Yes        | Member    | Y                 | October 2026   |
| Wes Parkinson    | Yes        | Member    | Y                 | October 2026   |
| Yoram Ben Zvi    | Yes        | Member    | Y                 | October 2026   |

Other Guests:&#x20;

* Jashar Seyfi
* Terence McCutcheon
* Wilco van de Burgwal

&#x20;

**Recording:** [Growth & Marketing Committee - 2025/12/16 - Recording](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1asFb5mTV8FKARMn0UjqUIHWYiTfhPqWW/view?usp=sharing)

**Transcript:** [Growth & Marketing Committee - 2025/12/16 - Transcript](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1hUL880LKEOQRjDucK9mPo2cv8VjWqP7maQ9H6adhybQ/edit?usp=sharing)

**Chat Transcript:** [Growth & Marketing Committee - 2025/12/16 - Chat](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1_YNq3PrKm7OownDExCvSZ_iwBIQe9nBN/view?usp=sharing)

## Intros/COI

Andy: Pacific Meta\
Anuj: Yoroi Wallet & EMURGO India Lead\
Hasitha: Elected Member(GMC), Intersect / Cardano Ecosystem Contributor since 2020\
Laura: Director Marketing and Comms at CF\
Maggie: TBD\
Otavio: TBD\
Reshan: TBD\
Tim: EVP Community & Ecosystem, Input | Output\
Tex: Open Source Program Manager(Intersect), OSC Secretary, Committee Liaison\
Wes: Rare Network\
Yoram: TBD

## Agenda 12.16.25

* &#x20;Open Forum

## Decisions/Actions

**Decisions**

* **Business Development Lead:** Yoram will drive the sync between the GMC and the Product Committee for the business development workstream.
* **Marketing Agency Showcases:** The committee agreed to provide 30-minute slots in January for marketing agencies to present their capabilities and perspectives.
* **Vice Chair Process:** The election will be held formally in January 2026 via the members' area rather than handled informally now.
* **Meeting Time Adjustment:** The committee agreed to move the meeting start time to 12:30 UTC to better accommodate global members.
* **Document Strategy:** The committee decided to keep strategic documents high-level (focused on KPIs and Northstars) rather than getting bogged down in granular tactical details.

**Actions**

* **BD Scoping Call:** Tim, Yoram, Lara, and representatives from the Product Committee (Lorenzo, Sam, Kyle, James) to meet this Thursday to scope the BD workstream.
* **Document Review:** All members must review the "Challenge Statements" document on Discord and add comments or "violent disagreements" in the margins.
* **Document Consolidation:** Tim and Yoram to merge their respective challenge documents into a single "master version" in early January.
* **Agency Scheduling:** Lara and Tim to coordinate the agenda slots for the marketing agency presentations in the new year.
* **Calendar Updates:** Lara to update the meeting invitations to reflect the new 12:30 UTC start time and notify members not present.
* **Recess Vote:** Members to cast their preference on the Discord channel regarding a return date of either January 6th or January 13th.

| Topic                           | Discussion                                                                                                                                         | Notes                                                                                        |
| ------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Business Development Workstream | Tim met with Lorenzo (Product Committee) regarding the Business Development workstream. A small group "touch base" is planned for Thursday.        | Yoram to lead the sync between GMC and Product Committee.                                    |
| Business Development One-Pager  | The group discussed creating a concise document to define high-level objectives and key challenges for business onboarding and enterprise tooling. | Draft to be presented at the first formal meeting in January 2026.                           |
| Vice Chair Election             | Lara reminded the committee that the Vice Chair election will be finalized in the new year.                                                        | Voting to take place via the members area in Jan 2026 to ensure formality.                   |
| Agency Showcases                | Tim proposed inviting marketing agencies (3-4 companies) to give 30-minute presentations on their experience and views on Cardano's growth.        | Lara to help schedule these "brain food" sessions for early January.                         |
| Challenge Statements            | The committee reviewed a draft document identifying top ecosystem challenges that marketing can address.                                           | All members requested to review the Discord document and add comments/feedback.              |
| Northstar KPIs                  | Discussion on the need for high-level "Northstar" metrics to guide Treasury funding and DRep/SPO decision-making in 2026.                          | Objective: Create a framework, not a deep tactical solution document.                        |
| Scope of Work                   | Yoram and Tim discussed whether developer onboarding should stay with GMC or move to a technical committee.                                        | Tim suggested recommending specific tasks to the MCC or Product Committee where appropriate. |
| Distribution & Media            | Anuj emphasized that the committee should focus on PR, media coverage, and social/traditional distribution channels.                               | Anuj views these as primary deliverables for the growth mandate.                             |
| Target Markets                  | Yoram raised the need to identify specific audiences, such as enterprise sectors or Bitcoin treasury holders.                                      | The committee agreed to keep goals high-level to avoid tactical disagreements.               |
| Ecosystem Synergy               | Discussion on aligning with the Product Committee's Northstar and supporting 10-15 key ecosystem companies to hit their specific targets.          | Yoram cited a goal of bringing $1B in Bitcoin to Cardano as a concrete example.              |
| Holiday Recess                  | The committee discussed when to return from the winter break (January 6th vs. January 13th).                                                       | Members to vote on the preferred return date via Discord.                                    |
| Meeting Schedule                | Discussion on adjusting the meeting time to better accommodate US and Asian time zones.                                                            | Proposed new time: 12:30 UTC (30-minute shift).                                              |
