# Meeting Minutes 04/09/2025

## Attendees:&#x20;

| Name                     | Attendance | Role                        | Voting Seat (Y/N) |
| ------------------------ | ---------- | --------------------------- | ----------------- |
| Simon F.                 | Yes        | Interim Chair               | Y                 |
| Terence ‘Tex’ McCutcheon | Yes        | Interim Secretary           | N                 |
| Jack Briggs              | No         | Secretary                   | N                 |
| Laura M.                 | Yes        | Member - Cardano Foundation | Y                 |
| Nathan A.                | Yes        | Member - EMURGO             | Y                 |
| Wes P.                   | No         | Member - Rare Network       | Y                 |
| Martin M.                | Yes        | Member                      | Y                 |
| Vaibhav (Gintama)        | Yes        | Member                      | Y                 |
| Mubarak O.               | Yes        | Member                      | Y                 |
| Tim H.                   | No         | Member                      | Y                 |
| Rand M.                  | No         | SME - Rare Network          | N                 |
| Natalia                  | Yes        | SME                         | N                 |
| John G.                  | Yes        | SME                         | N                 |
| Juan S.                  | Yes        | SME                         | N                 |
| Jose I.                  | No         | SME - ADA Solar             | N                 |
| JB                       | Yes        | SME - SCRIB3                | N                 |

<br>

Other Guests:&#x20;

* Thiago Nunes

## Intros/COI

**Simon:** Simon 'Seomon' Fleck: Interim GMC Chair, Cardano After Dark co-founder, ODIN member\
**Laura:** Laura Mattiucci, Director Marketing and Comms at CF\
**Nate:** Nate Acton, VP of Global Marketing at EMURGO\
**Wes:** TBD\
**Martin:** TBD\
**Vaibhav:** Voting member of bootstrap growth and marketing committee. Voluntary Part of Various Working groups in intersect.\
**Mubarak:** AKA Kit Willow: Voting member of the Growth and Marketing Committee. Community member\
**Tim:** Tim Harrison, EVP Community & Ecosystem, Input | Output\
**Rand:** TBD\
**Natalia:** ADALINK, Interim GMC Non-Voting Member, CEO of AdaLink \
**John:** TBD\
**Juan:** TBD\
**Jose:** TBD\
**Jack:** TBD\
**Tex:** Open Source Program Manager (Intersect), OSC Secretary, Committee Liaison

## Agenda 4.09.25

* Agenda (2)
* Announcements(5)
* Budget
* Wachsman meeting
* open Forum

## Decisions/Actions

* Terence McCutcheon will fill out the fields in the Google Doc based on the screenshots shared, establishing a consistent format.
* Members will consider relevant evidence of community endorsement to be included in the proposal.
* Members will provide information for the dependencies, maintenance, milestones, staffing, experience, currency, breakdown, and links sections in the Google Doc, populating key proposal details.
* When adding links to the evidence section, members will provide a brief explanation, ensuring context for the links.
* Laura Mattiucci will verify the procedure for handling endorsed proposals with the budget task force, seeking clarity on a specific budgetary concern.
* Members will prioritize completing the GMC proposal document, committing to a timely submission.
* Terence McCutcheon will reshare the document link and add DREP meeting details to calendars if possible, ensuring access to information and schedules.
* Members to note the GMC meeting on Monday, acknowledging and planning for this event.
* Members will prepare to review and endorse relevant proposals, agreeing to take on this task.
* Members to work asynchronously on the GMC proposal in the provided document, leveraging existing content, deciding on the method of collaboration.
* Members to attend the open call on Friday at 14:00 UTC, committing to a follow-up discussion.
* Nathaniel Acton to share the proposal submission link and relevant budget information with Wachsman, taking responsibility for this communication.
* Terence McCutcheon to provide a template Google Doc for each proposal for review and discussion, establishing the platform for vetting.
* Members to use these docs to collaborate on endorsements, agreeing to the process for evaluating external proposals.
* The committee will utilize the provided Google Docs for collaborative vetting, reinforcing the chosen method for evaluating external proposals.

| Topic                                                                                   | Discussion                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     | Action Items                                                                                                                                               |
| --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Welcome and Introductions                                                               | Terence McCutcheon welcomed everyone. Seomon register, Terence McCutcheon, Laura Mattiucci, and Martin Marinov were present.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | None                                                                                                                                                       |
| Review of Proposed Responses                                                            | Terence McCutcheon shared a viewing reference of proposed responses, noting that everything has been moved to a Google Doc. Vendor-proposed workstreams should be redacted based on current advice. Screenshots from the application were shared to show how fields will be filled. All bootstrap committee members will be included in the listing.                           | Terence McCutcheon to fill out the fields as shown in the screenshots.                                                                                     |
| Email Awareness (Good News)                                                             | Terence McCutcheon announced an update regarding the character limit for problem statement, proposal benefit, and evidence of community endorsement, which has been changed to 15,000 characters (or up to 2500 words).                                                                                                                                                        | None                                                                                                                                                       |
| Evidence of Community Endorsement                                                       | Laura Mattiucci questioned the nature of community endorsement, wondering if it was self-endorsing. Terence McCutcheon clarified it's evidence of the community endorsing the committee, suggesting using MWG history, SIP/SIG discussions, and forum feedback.                                                                                                                | Members to consider relevant evidence of community endorsement.                                                                                            |
| Proposal Name and Description                                                           | Terence McCutcheon noted the proposal name is at the top and can be edited. The proposal description also has a 15,000-character limit.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        | Members to review and edit the proposal name and description in the Google Doc.                                                                            |
| Dependencies, Maintenance, Milestones, Staffing, Experience, Currency, Breakdown, Links | Terence McCutcheon listed these as topics to be filled out, providing the OSC budget chart for breakdown reference. A maximum of 20 links can be included with specific URL and text formatting.                                                                                                                                                                               | Members to provide information for these sections in the Google Doc.                                                                                       |
| Evidence Section - Links vs. Text                                                       | Martin Marinov asked if links are acceptable in the evidence section. Terence McCutcheon confirmed links are acceptable but advised against making the whole section links and to provide context.                                                                                                                                                                             | When adding links to the evidence section, provide a brief explanation.                                                                                    |
| Background of Non-Returning Members                                                     | Martin Marinov asked if members not applying for a seat need to include their background. Terence McCutcheon clarified that it's not necessary.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                | None                                                                                                                                                       |
| Deducting Other Endorsed Proposals                                                      | Seomon register questioned the new requirement to deduct endorsed vendor proposals from their budget. Terence McCutcheon explained it's to avoid competition and that endorsements will be noted. Laura Mattiucci mentioned conflicting information and will double-check.                                                                                                     | Laura Mattiucci to verify the procedure for handling endorsed proposals with the budget task force.                                                        |
| Priority: Getting the Proposal Up                                                       | Terence McCutcheon emphasized the priority is to get the GMC proposal submitted as soon as possible, minus the summit and known costs, to be up before workshops. Adjustments can be made later after reviewing other proposals.                                                                                                                                               | Members to prioritize completing the GMC proposal document.                                                                                                |
| Link Sharing and DREP Meetings                                                          | Laura Mattiucci requested the document link again and inquired about the timing of meetings with DREPs on the 14th and 15th. Terence McCutcheon will try to add the meetings to calendars but may be unavailable. Martin Marinov noted a GMC meeting on Monday.                                                                                                                | Terence McCutcheon to reshare the document link and add DREP meeting details to calendars if possible. Members to note the GMC meeting on Monday.          |
| Endorsing Proposals - Committee Role                                                    | Kit Willow sought clarification on the committee's role in endorsing proposals. Terence McCutcheon explained it's to assist DREPs with subject matter expertise, assuming alignment with the marketing budget and tagging.                                                                                                                                                     | Members to prepare to review and endorse relevant proposals.                                                                                               |
| Character Limit Confirmation                                                            | Seomon register questioned the 15,000-character limit based on past experiences. Terence McCutcheon confirmed it's a recent GovTool release.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | None                                                                                                                                                       |
| Working on the GMC Proposal Asynchronously                                              | Kit Willow asked about coordination for the GMC proposal before Monday. Laura Mattiucci suggested using existing content from the previous Excel spreadsheet and upgrading it in the new document. A Friday open call is scheduled for further discussion.                                                                                                                     | Members to work asynchronously on the GMC proposal in the provided document, leveraging existing content. Attend the open call on Friday at 14:00 UTC.     |
| Concerns about Funding Process Fairness                                                 | Seomon register expressed concern about the process favoring existing GMC members' proposals. AdaLink echoed these concerns, suggesting a way to balance with community proposals. Terence McCutcheon noted the feedback.                                                                                                                                                      | Members to continue working on the proposal while understanding the concerns raised.                                                                       |
| Waxman Presentation Feedback                                                            | Seomon register opened the floor for feedback on the Waxman presentation. Terence McCutcheon advised that GMC-related meetings with external parties should involve the secretary. Nathaniel Acton confirmed guiding Waxman on proposal submission. JB confirmed two Scribe proposals will be submitted today. Gintama inquired about the budget amount for Waxman and Scribe. | Nathaniel Acton to share the proposal submission link and relevant budget information with Waxman.                                                         |
| Proposal Endorsement Process                                                            | Kit Willow inquired about the asynchronous process for deciding on proposal endorsements. Terence McCutcheon explained the use of individual Google Docs per proposal for analysis and consensus-building, followed by marking the decision on a tracker sheet.                                                                                                                | Terence McCutcheon to provide a template Google Doc for each proposal for review and discussion. Members to use these docs to collaborate on endorsements. |
| Streamlining Endorsement Feedback                                                       | Gintama suggested a simpler "yes/no" approach with optional comments on a single sheet to avoid multiple documents. Terence McCutcheon explained the rationale for separate documents for organized feedback and collaboration.                                                                                                                                                | Members to utilize the provided Google Docs for proposal review and feedback.                                                                              |
| Proposal Vetting Timeline                                                               | Laura Mattiucci aimed to vet proposals today but acknowledged the difficulty with the new document process. She will review them independently for her own understanding.                                                                                                                                                                                                      | Laura Mattiucci to review proposals independently. The committee to utilize the provided Google Docs for collaborative vetting.                            |
