# Meeting Minutes 10/28/2025

## Attendees:&#x20;

<table data-header-hidden><thead><tr><th width="218.42706298828125"></th><th width="110.88629150390625"></th><th width="107.595458984375"></th><th width="155.0599365234375"></th><th></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Name</td><td>Attendance</td><td>Role</td><td>Voting Seat (Y/N)</td><td>Election Cycle</td></tr><tr><td>Wes Parkinson</td><td>Yes</td><td>Chair</td><td>Y</td><td>October 2025</td></tr><tr><td>Terence ‘Tex’ McCutcheon</td><td>Yes</td><td>Secretary</td><td>N</td><td>N/A</td></tr><tr><td>Tim Harrison</td><td>Yes</td><td>Vice Chair</td><td>Y</td><td>April 2026</td></tr><tr><td>Laura Mattiucci </td><td>Yes</td><td>Member</td><td>Y</td><td>April 2026</td></tr><tr><td>Nathan Acton</td><td>No</td><td>Member </td><td>Y</td><td>October 2025</td></tr><tr><td>Mubarak Oladimeji</td><td>No</td><td>Member</td><td>Y</td><td>October 2025</td></tr><tr><td>Anuj Chaudhary </td><td>Yes</td><td>Member</td><td>Y</td><td>April 2026</td></tr><tr><td>Andy Hung</td><td>Yes</td><td>Member</td><td>Y</td><td>April 2026</td></tr><tr><td>Hasitha Raymond</td><td>Yes</td><td>Member</td><td>Y</td><td>April 2026</td></tr><tr><td>TBD</td><td>No</td><td>SME</td><td>N</td><td>N/A</td></tr></tbody></table>

Other Guests:&#x20;

* Fred Tanaka
* Josefine Birkigt
* Lara Bonasorte

&#x20;

**Recording:** [Growth & Marketing Committee - 2025/10/28 - Recording](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Hn-wgcIVAqzWCVzOng4M-5DFiYtQI6C9/view?usp=sharing)

**Transcript:** [Growth & Marketing Committee - 2025/10/28 - Transcript](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1DSlENQHbZMEtR_aCJYHu1q9PEp4w1_JS-T4EB2u8UvQ/edit?usp=sharing)

**Chat Transcript:** [Growth & Marketing Committee - Bootstrap - 2025/10/28 - Chat](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1fj99qvH1cRuNvlCPtzII15eVgCI389gy/view?usp=sharing)

## Intros/COI

**Andy:** Pacific Meta\
**Anuj:** Yoroi Wallet & EMURGO India Lead\
**Hasitha:** Elected Member(GMC), Intersect / Cardano Ecosystem Contributor since 2020\
**Laura:** Director Marketing and Comms at CF\
**Mubarak:** AKA Kit Willow: Voting member of the GMC, Community member\
**Nate:** VP of Global Marketing at EMURGO\
**Tim:** EVP Community & Ecosystem, Input | Output\
**Tex:** Open Source Program Manager (Intersect), OSC/MCC Secretary, Committee Liaison\
**Wes:** Rare Network

## Agenda 10.28.25

* &#x20;Open Forum

## Decisions/Actions

**Decisions**

* The committee decided to use the Summit session (November 11th) as a workshop to publicly share the survey findings and engage the community in a discussion about next steps.
* It was decided to publish the blog post and survey findings through Intersect channels next week (before November 11th) to give attendees time to review the data ahead of the workshop.
* The team agreed on the strategic goal of using the survey data and subsequent qualitative interviews to support the push for a 10% marketing budget in 2026 and to inform the direction of that spend (leading to a potential white paper).

**Actions**

* **Tim** to share the draft blog post (based on survey findings) with the committee (Wes, Lara, Tex, Andy, Anuj, etc.) by the end of the week (Thursday/Friday).
* **Tim** to get the tidied-up survey slides (in Intersect style) shared with the committee by the end of the week.
* **Tim and Tex** to ensure the survey slides are finalized and shared.
* **Laura** (and the team) to prepare the Summit session as a workshop to discuss the survey results.
* The **committee members** to review the blog post draft and provide feedback to Tim to ensure the conclusions align with the data.
* The **committee** to discuss and agree on a plan for running qualitative conversations (interviews) with projects who volunteered via the survey in a future meeting.
* **Tex** to share the Intersect slide template with Lara to help with compiling event KPIs and visuals.
* **Wes** to share the link/details for the Amplify Cardano Fund once it launches (end of this week/early next week).
* **Anuj** to send the link for the virtual Cardano Card to Hasitha.

| Topic                        | Discussion                                                                                                                                                              | Notes                                                                                                                                                  |
| ---------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Agenda & ClickUp Update      | Tex asked if the agenda was in ClickUp. Tim and Lara confirmed they hadn't made recent updates.                                                                         | Tim offered to look at updating the agenda.                                                                                                            |
| Marketing Survey Update      | Tim provided an update on the marketing survey findings and next steps, with a keenness to launch the results next week.                                                | The key focus is on informing the committee of requirements for the coming week to get the survey out.                                                 |
| Summit Workshop Proposal     | Laura suggested using the summit session (1 hour) as a workshop to share survey findings and lead a discussion/work together. Wes confirmed his attendance.             | Tim agreed this is the right approach. Tim can dial in remotely.                                                                                       |
| Survey Findings Strategy     | Tim shared that he used an LLM (and manual editing) to draft a supporting blog post that identifies key outtakes from the survey findings.                              | Blog post will be shared with the committee this week for comments and will be pushed out through channels next week, mentioning the summit workshop.  |
| Post-Survey Deep Dive        | Tim proposed the committee follow up by conducting qualitative conversations (interviews) with people who agreed to deeper conversation in the survey.                  | Suggestion: Agree on 10 questions, each committee member talks to 1-2 projects, record conversations, and pull data for deeper insights.               |
| Long-Term Goal (White Paper) | The ultimate objective is to gather survey results (overall landscape) and interview insights (deeper data) to inform a white paper.                                    | The goal is to tacitly demonstrate the need for a 10% marketing spend in 2026, directed at specific audiences.                                         |
| Summit Workshop Content      | Wes suggested highlighting the survey and showcasing recent successes at the workshop, such as unified events, the X account, and future plans.                         | Tim stressed the importance of sharing metrics for events like Singapore and Brazil to demonstrate successful use of funds and support future funding. |
| Latam Roundtable             | Tim mentioned recording a Latam roundtable soon with Jose and others (TXpipe, Daniela) to discuss the success of the Brazil summit and prelude the Buenos Aires summit. | This content will be released before the Buenos Aires summit.                                                                                          |
| Ecosystem Reports            | Tim mentioned two external reports: Waffle Capital's September Ecosystem Report (funded by Catalyst) and the upcoming Misari report (expected mid-November).            | Tim will share the Waffle Capital link. Tim receives the Misari draft for technical validation.                                                        |
| Committee Election Status    | Tim asked Tex for an update on the voting for the new committee members. Anuj confirmed it ends on November 7th.                                                        | It's possible new members will be confirmed before the summit; extend an invitation to them.                                                           |
| Survey Deliverables          | Tim confirmed the slides are being tidied up to match the Intersect look and feel, and the supporting blog post is being finalized.                                     | Slides and blog post will be shared by the end of the week. Blog post aims to go out mid-to-end of next week.                                          |
| Cardano Hackathon Asia       | Anuj announced the launch of the Cardano Hackathon Asia this week, with 200+ registrations and a separate track for Midnight. It is part of the India Blockchain Week.  | The two-day event is on the 29th and 30th in Bangalore. Wes offered to promote any graphics.                                                           |
| Amplify Cardano Fund         | Wes announced the launch of the Amplify Cardano fund by the end of this week/early next week, with $50,000 for marketing and $50,000 for events.                        | The fund is a smaller, proof-of-concept program to provide additional marketing support for event organizers or project teams.                         |
